Relevant tertiary qualification e.g., Health Information Management, Health Informatics, Public Health.
 What you'll get in return
Experience with Python scripting, SQL queries, VBA, or other scripting or coding would also be highly desirable.
Managing the reporting landscape from end-to-end
Highly developed experience in Creating visualisations of data, identifying data sources Collecting data Sourcing missing data, and Organising data into usable formats.
At SEEK, the health and safety of our people is our highest priority.
For this reason, SEEK has introduced a policy requiring all employees and visitors to be fully vaccinated for COVID-19 within our offices, unless a formal medical exemption applies.
In addition, all employees attending in-person work related meetings or events outside the office will also need to be fully vaccinated.  
We have chosen to share this information early in our hiring process, so that candidates can make an informed choice.
On this basis, as part of the application process you will be asked to confirm that you have read and understood this policy, and would like to continue with the hiring process.  
Further details about this policy will be shared during the hiring process, as required.
Type: Permanent, full time position (Open to remote working)
Strong attention to detail and data accuracy
Please submit your CV by clicking the “Apply” button below. 
Experience with SQL, Power BI and Excel
In return for your hard work we offer a competitive salary package and a range of great benefits.
A fantastic opportunity to learn and grow in an analytics role with a collaborative and supportive team.
Design and Implement the Flight Centre Travel Group Corporate data warehouse using Microsoft Azure.
Designing and developing efficient and effective end to end data engineering solutions
Experiences working with T SQL, M Query & DAX to derive meaningful insights & Visuals
A superior problem-solving ability with excellent attention to detail and accuracy;
Experience supervising and developing staff
Income protection scheme  
At least 1 year of experience in using SQL for data extraction, manipulation and analysis
APS4 to APS6 Data Analysts
 Ensure different functions have the standard analytical tools to be self-sufficient in performance management
About ACH Group: At ACH Group we believe that older people should feel valued, respected, connected in their communities and supported to live a good life.
As Research Assistant you will conduct research towards the preclinical development of a localised drug delivery strategy for pancreatic cancer and uncover how chemotherapy modulates immune markers in pancreatic tumour specimens to better inform the use of immunotherapy in the clinical setting.
This position will work closely with PhD students and Postdoctoral Research Fellows at the University of Wollongong/Illawarra Health and Medical Research Institute and Clinicians in the Illawarra Cancer Care Centre/ Illawarra Shoalhaven Local Health District to contribute to the Cancer Institute NSW funded project 2020
/CDF1093.
The position is advertised at 0.5 FTE but may be negotiated with the successful applicant.
Strong technical skills and a willingness to continuously improve
Develop and execute a migration strategy to move On-Prem Data Warehouse from Netezza/Oracle/Teradata/Bigdata platform to Redshift DWH.
Qantas is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion.
If you have any support or access requirements, we encourage you to advise us at time of application.
Induction and onboarding designed to make you succeed in your new role
What's on offer
Apply now: 
Provide innovative and Best Practice solutions to Data Integration and Machine Learning builds, whilst also developing complex SQL data-models to support Machine Learning and/or Tableau Visualizations.
Electrical Engineering
Our Awesome Perks
Demonstrated ability to measure and estimate business performance as a result of analytics and insights.
•
Exciting digital transformation roadmap and growth opportunities
providing the organisation with a trusted single source of truth

Flexible working arrangements  

How we roll... 
3-5 years' experience working with cloud-base services and DevOps concepts, tools and practices
Collaborate with the Data & Reporting Centre of Excellence to deliver continuous improvements, capability, and accurate reporting
What we are looking for:
At TAFE NSW, we are committed to creating an inclusive workforce which reflects the community and the customers we serve.
Experience in R, SQL.
Proficiency with other programming tools, eg, Julia and Python preferrable.
We offer a range of great benefits, rewards and discounts, and health and wellbeing initiatives.
To find out more, click here [link removed].
Experience architecting and delivering solutions in cloud technologies in AWS and Snowflake
We love super smart, hardworking, dependable people here at Evergen, but you must be a good person first and foremost
Highly skilled in building, testing, and maintaining data pipeline architectures, including architectures that make use of Web API connections (REST, SOAP).
A basic understanding of open channel flow measurement principles.
We note only successful candidates will be contacted for interview.
Python and/or R required
Wellbeing & Benefits:
Sourcing and transforming people data and create integrated employee datasets from source systems
Good understanding of APIs.
Cabrini Health is a healthcare operator that is captured by the Victorian governemnt
mandatory COVID-19 vaccination Public Health Directions.
All employees are required to be vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition of their employment.
Vaccination evidence or certification of a valid medical contraindication to a COVID-19 vaccination must be provided must be provided prior to the commencement date.
An analytical problem-solving mindset, able to anticipate issues and suggest creative ideas or solutions that streamline processes, resolve concerns, and improve efficiency
Be a bold, innovative thinker and natural problem solver with a strong work ethic, never content with the status quo
Key Responsibilities of the Senior Data Engineer | REMOTE | SQL | AWS |
Spark|
Storm|
ETL | Data Lake | ML | AI
Able to describe technical topics to relevant stakeholders.
Structured problem-solving skills and logical thought process
Support the business with data cleansing activities where technical knowhow is needed.
Demonstrated strong stakeholder management skills, underpinned by strong interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to build rapport with individuals at all levels of the business
2x
Full-time, 1x permanent and 1x 12 month fixed-term positions available, located in Braeside, Melbourne
2+ years of data analytics experience
A successful history of linking, manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets
RESPONSIBILITIES / DUTIES
A competitive salary package and learning and development opportunities
A passion for continuous improvement, obsessing about data observability – data quality, integrity, lineage while always having business outcomes and business user needs and their experience in the forefront of your thinking.
About Loan Market Group
Enjoy the freedom to discover something new
Experience in automation of workflows and modern system development practices, including version control, continuous integration and testing for delivery of high-quality products
Degree in relevant discipline or equivalent skills, knowledge and experience.
Drive continuous improvements of the system, development practise and process that support the scalability and optimise supportability.
You will have experience delivering data solutions on Cloud technologies, preferably GCP or AWS.  
Including experience with deployment of data workloads using CI/CD tooling (Gitlab, Terraform or Ansible). 
Full Time Contract - 5 Days a Week, office based role in Granville
Strong communication, interpersonal, abstract-thinking, and time management skills
Excellent organisational skills.
Ability to write production-level code, assess databases and leverage Big Data technologies on AWS platform to support downstream analytics.
Experience in delivering complex multivariate predictive analytics solutions in a commercial context (such as, predictive modelling, text analytics, optimisation and decisioning algorithms).
Understanding of digital data and analytical applications in near real time would be highly advantageous.
Excellent employee benefits including onsite gym and cafe
Any IT technology expertise involving solution design / database development desirable.
Experience in analysis on the subjects of gender-based violence, disability and youth issues
About us
Identify opportunities for data driven innovation and develop an appropriate strategy to leverage existing data assets.
Astron Environmental Services is one of Australia's longest established environmental consultancies with a history of operations spanning over 30 years.
Astron is an inclusive and innovative company that places high value on its employees.
The company aligns around the collective values of mutual respect, operating safely and delivering high quality innovative services for our clients.
Be an advocate for the use of customer-focused data and insights in the business
Experience with SAP coupled with experience working in FMCG will be well regarded.
National retail business, Gold Coast based
The City of Wanneroo is a diverse and flexible environment that offers a range of career opportunities where you will have the opportunity to make a real difference to the local community and our people.
Our vibrant and inclusive team is what makes the City an enjoyable and rewarding place to be.
Data and Reporting Analyst
With a focus on consumers looking for finance with a personal touch with real people you can talk to, Money3 is a creditable alternative to banks.
All loans are assessed based on affordability and a consumers ability to meet repayments and lending conditions.
Able to identify and solve big data problems independently.
We’d love to hear from you:If you meet a number of the requirements but not all we encourage you still to submit your application.
Given the large growth the business is experiencing, if you’re currently looking for a part time position then we encourage you to get in touch as additional part time roles can be made available for the right candidate. 
Process blood and tissue samples collected from patients under ethically approved projects including national clinical trials with a high degree of technical expertise
Strong written and verbal communication ability
On a day-to-day basis, you will:
This is an ongoing role, based in Geelong, with the ability to work remotely.
Monthly learning and development workshops
Partner all key stakeholders to achieve through the delivery of timely and effective communication
CI/CD pipelines development, deployment and improvement work. 
Learn more about us at www.customology.com.au 
Intermediate SQL skills;
12 month contract - Flexible Location
success.
They have engaged Talenza to find a senior Data Engineer to join their team.
Inefficiency is not your thing, so you invest your energy and adopt excellent processes to ensure things get done right the first time and have a healthy respect for structure, process and working in professional environments and can effortlessly interpret and link commercial needs into value driven data solutions.
ii.
Synapse Analytics 
A strong acumen for creating performance metrics out of Measurable Organizational Value (MOV) and clever visualizations to aid a continuous improvement process.
SUPER is a cohort study that was initiated by a multidisciplinary research team to address the difficulties that both clinicians and patients face when dealing with a diagnosis of CUP.
SUPER is establishing a ‘bio and information bank’ which will be a national information resource of clinical, molecular and patient questionnaire information that is currently being used to identify the supportive care and psychosocial needs of CUP patients, understand the clinical and molecular characteristics of CUP, as well as improving the diagnostic assessment of CUP patients.
Bachelor’s/Master’s degree/PhD or equivalent in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Applied Statistics, Physics, Engineering or related field
Full-time position, located in Minneapolis, MN, USA
Highly Regarded:
Progress or completion in/of Part 2 or 3 subjects of the Actuaries Institute or similar
We will be reviewing applications as they are received, so if this position sounds of interest to you and you believe you fit the criteria, please apply as soon as possible by submitting your resume that outlines your interest and suitability for the position.  
The application form will include these questions: 
5+ years in Data Warehouse development, implementation, and support
Extract and analyse data to support data requests and reporting
Run the development process for the associated gaps
Be a great communicator
Play a role in driving strategic customer program initiatives & campaigns, and identifying customer retention and growth opportunities
Experience in one or more fields of Immunology, Haematology and Oncology
Western Health is committed to providing a safe environment for the children and young people who are involved in our services, sites and operations.
We follow and abide by all legislative requirements to keep children and young people safe.
Provide support for changes, incidents, problems & corrective actions
You will be a keen problem-solver who is able to work autonomously and manage competing demands to meet deadlines.
Prior experience in a role requiring collaboration across multiple functions
2+ years’ experience in data analysis and insight generation
Ability to influence others and establish relationships across the organisation
Experience with GIT, TFS or VSTS
Commonwealth Grants Commission
Please contact charlie.moore@hudson.com for a confidential chat.
Key accountabilities will include:
Use initiative, ability to prioritise to meet deadlines & perform tasks with high level of accuracy.
Proven successes in Data warehousing and managing suppliers
Access to discounted offers from over 300 corporate partners
In our team we have some truly amazing people - smart, passionate, fun.
And there's plenty of room for you to join us.
Key Responsibilities
Worked with cloud-based data warehouses (Redshift, BigQuery, Snowflake, etc)
We are embarking on engineering, enablement, operations and delivery of key data initiatives, building them using market leading cloud technologies, including; MS Azure, Databricks, Snowflake and Spark.
What we can offer you:
An understanding of common statistical methods and algorithms
 Let's talk about the role and responsibilities: 
Collaborate with a variety of stakeholders and mentor junior members of the team.
Valid driver licence
Familiar with cloud technologies such as AWS including S3, IAM, EC2
Monash University seeks talented staff irrespective of gender, sexuality, race, ethnicity, disability or cultural background.
As an exemplar employer of choice, we champion staff diversity and foster inclusive workplace culture.
Our participation in the Athena SWAN Charter underpins our commitment to advancing gender equality goals.
We proudly profile women in STEMM and continue to grow our STEMM Women Academic Network.
Whilst this is a full time position, flexible working arrangements can be negotiated.
Generous leave entitlements, including 20 days of annual leave, 18 days of paid personal leave, 16 weeks of paid parental leave, purchased leave, study leave, multicultural leave, family violence leave and more
Experience with SQL, R and Python.
Notwithstanding the location of this position, all qualified Australian citizens and permanent residents from all locations are encouraged to apply.
A high-level understanding of quality principles, frameworks, privacy, and confidential information
To be successful in this position, you will have a tertiary qualification in STEM or a related discipline and have previously worked in a clinical trials/research/research governance environment.
Also, you will be a highly motivated collaborator who can build respectful relationships, work independently and inspire diverse workgroups to deliver successful project outcomes. 
Applications close:  Sunday 12th
December 2021 
Comfortable communicating across all organisational levels
Advanced level Excel skills coupled with an aptitude for data analysis.
Experience developing ETL/ELT processes for data movement and transformation.
30%
Interrogating source systems to obtain data. 
Cloud Computing
DevOps:
CI/CD, Docker, Kubernetes
Prior experience on Google Cloud Platform and IBM Cognos
TM1 is advantageous although not essential;
Building an application where Data models consolidate several currently disparate datasets and web frontend allows data entry, modification and dynamic report generation
An exceptional communicator, with a can-do attitude and happy to jump in and help when needed.
High potential career development opportunities at an ASX top 20 company on the move
DevOps and CI/CD pipelines
Job security with a proud Australian company
Proven ability to design and optimise application and data integration processes across disparate systems
Recent Biomedical/Chemistry/Immunology graduates are encouraged to apply.
You have deep and broad technical expertise across mature and emerging technology platforms.
Our Business Analysts are required to gather and document requirements for software modifications ranging from large new module designs through to small one/two day modifications of existing products.
An employer that gives back to the communities and charities we work closely with.
Good programming fundamentals; Strong python essential, but additional language experience highly desirable –
SQL, R, Scala, SAS etc.
Scentre Group is the owner and operator of 42 Westfield living centres in Australia and New Zealand; partnering with the world’s leading retail and luxury brands to create a unique shopping and leisure experience for our customers.
A career with us fosters the chance to be a part of a company that is transforming the digital and physical retail space.
You will:• Assemble large, complex data sets that meet business requirements• Conduct data analysis, identify feasible solutions and design and implement internal process improvements (e.g. automating manual processes, optimising data delivery
etc)•
Leverage the use of existing and new BI tools and create products for analytics and data science teams to assist in delivering insights
Design data integrations and data quality framework.
When you join the team at Synergy, you’re becoming part of Western Australia’s intelligent energy future.
We are proud to be the state’s largest energy provider, striving for an efficient and sustainable power supply with the latest innovations in energy usage and storage.
Working for Synergy means you’ll play an important role in ensuring that WA is a world-leader in how our customers choose to use energy for years to come.
Work with data scientists and other team members to automate modelling processes and optimise the scalability
Ability to work within set timeframes and to meet deadlines.
Contribute to the evaluation of possible data sources and analytical techniques that could be used to provide a superior business outcome.
Use analysed data to create reports, identifying process improvement opportunities
Experience with Kafka is a plus.
Being part of an innovation focused organisation always evolving to have the highest levels of best practice.
Mentor, coach, and train team members in optimal processes, model design and development, to build team capability.
Experience using SQL and Python
Develop and manage relationships across the Commercial business and key supporting teams (in particular, across Digital, Finance, Technology, and the wider Data & Analytics team) to help drive actionable insights into the respective areas
A talent pool may be created for future ongoing and temporary roles and is valid for a period of up to 18 months.
If a vacancy arises in your preferred location during this time, you may be contacted and asked to attend the location to meet the manager.
From there a final decision will be made regarding whether to activate the talent pool.
Offers are based on location preference, capabilities, knowledge and experience.
Ability to develop technical requirements from abstract briefs and prepare high-quality documentation
We are after a leader that understands how to influence different stakeholders through effective communication.  
Someone who can aid a C-level Executive dissect a financial model or an Operations Manager interact with their productivity without losing them in the process.
Experience in protein biophysical characterisation techniques such as HPLC, UV/Vis spectrophotometry, liquid handlers (eg.
Tecan EVO), TFF and filtration.
Implement and coordinate regional communication and reporting structure 
Prepare advanced data analyses and present results of these analyses to business stakeholders.
If you are seeking a new challenge and would enjoy the opportunity to work in a growing and changing business, click on the APPLY NOW button and submit your application.
Auto & General values individual differences and believes in fostering an inclusive culture that creates a great place to work for all.
*
A note from Auto & General to recruitment agencies: We politely ask that you avoid making any approaches or sending any unsolicited resumes to our Recruitment Team or Hiring Leaders across our business.
Auto & General is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. 
Support the data quality program across the organisation
Tertiary qualifications in a Computer Science, Applied Statistics or a quantitative discipline (Software Engineering is a plus)
The Role: BI Developer
Degree qualified in mathematics, statistics, applied science or related disciplines
Urbis is committed to fostering a work environment that is inclusive, supports flexibility, and welcomes diversity.
We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.
Relevant tertiary qualification or equivalent professional experience
Uplift and deliver Microsoft Azure platform foundations.
Support the triage of the pipeline (to make sure the right ones get approved/rejected)
Work with stakeholders including external vendors, IT, tech platform and IT operations teams to assist with data related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs
Supporting BAU BI Solutions by monitoring and tuning queries and data loads, addressing issues regards data Integrity, monitoring performance and communicating functional and technical issues.
Reporting into a passionate Senior Manager and team, you'll you will contribute to the development and deployment of significant improvements through the application of Analytics practices, work on structuring data to develop insights to enable the business to resolve problems and drive strategic direction.
Other benefits of working at Pet Circle:
*************************************
Additional Skills & Experience
Engaging with stakeholders, requirements gathering, leading projects and training;
For upcoming positions please click on the "Apply Now" button.
By applying to any of our roles you will also be registered for future positions unless you request not to be.
Results Driven
A collaborative no egos culture
Highly developed technical skills across the build and optimisation of big data cyber security platforms covering the entire stack (hardware, Linux OS, and applications).
Exceptional data management and organisational skills are required, as are presentation skills, and quality written and verbal communication.
Our staff culture is highly valued, and our Data Engineer should display the company values, with an authentic positive work ethic, and dedication to excellence in all that is undertaken.
The Programme Manager will be responsible for delivering the Direct-Action Initiative,  CT:
IQ,  a collaborative project that seeks to develop a sustainable, sector-wide, stakeholder-broad platform for continuous improvement in clinical research and the recently approved 2022-2025 Philanthropic programme of works.
About the role: The Reporting and Analytics division supports the business to meet its strategic outcomes through the delivery of sophisticated insights, analysis, and reporting.  
The Reporting and Analytics Team’s core responsibilities centre on the provision of high-quality, timely, accurate reporting and analytical support.  
As the Reporting and Analytics Analyst, you will contribute to Virgin Australia’s strategic direction, profitability, and performance improvement by enhancing data availability and enabling the production of efficient intelligent reporting.  
Working with Reporting and Analytics team and collaboratively with the Data Platforms team, you will focus on extracting useful information from real-world data stored in multiple and disparate systems to enable meaningful and insightful business reporting.  
The Reporting and Analytics Analyst will provide support to the Business with business as usual reporting, specifically focused reporting, forecasting, data modelling and general related data tasks. 
If the above sounds like the right opportunity to further your career, apply via the link below or get in touch with chirag.bhojani@macquarie.com for more information. 
The Department of Home Affairs is a central policy agency, providing coordinated strategy and policy leadership for Australia’s national and transport security, federal law enforcement, criminal justice, cyber security, border, immigration, multicultural affairs, emergency management and trade related functions.
An opportunity to develop and grow within a high performing team
The analyst will help maintain best practices regarding our SEEK Data Lifecycle, and support in establishing, operationalising and sustaining Data Governance, through the identification, definition, management and publishing of our Policies, Standards and Guidelines.
System developed to create virtual cohorts from multiple federated systems
Seek Analytics' core capabilities are at the intersections of Product, Data Engineering, Engineering and Data Visualisation where we connect Seek's rich data to informative tools, experiences and reporting to drive clear insights and ways to assess a hiring managers ROI.
professional development opportunities;
Access and manipulate data quickly and efficiently;
Mentoring and encouraging staff to advance team member’s skills.
Flexible working environment (we offer a range of flexible working options, not just working from home). 
Ability to troubleshoot and tune performance of stored procedures and ETL processes
Extensive expertise in the use of information technology for data management, analysis and reporting purposes (including SQL, statistical software and spread sheet).
Experience working with large, complex datasets and multiple data systems
Enquiries:
High attention to detail
High Level administration and organisational skills
What you will bring
Please note all recruitment is via Susan MacLeod (0405204297) at Evolve Scientific Recruitment, do not contact the company directly.
The ability to plan and implement the different phases of a data pipeline project from establishing requirements, design through to testing and deployment
Demonstrated experience working in a dynamic environment to meet deadlines and ensure program delivery against objectives.
Maturity, responsible nature, and good judgement.
Perform expert analysis activities across government departments and with partner agencies using appropriate modelling, analysis techniques, tools and standards.
Full Time, Maternity leave cover until November 2022
Flexible working
Look at different data models and physical databases
Report progress and outcomes both internally and with collaborating organisations.
You are familiar with supervised learning or unsupervised learning, NLP or a variety of data science and machine learning models.
High level of data literacy;
Our Earth Observation team is high-performing, innovative and quality focused.
We are made up of spatial scientists, data scientists, statisticians and environmental scientists, that work with clients from the resources, infrastructure, utility, conservation and public sectors, across Australia and internationally.
We are at the forefront of recent developments in our space, including efforts to combat climate change.
Understanding of a programming language.
Headspace Days
Attention for detail and a keen eye for cost-saving or value generating opportunities;
Engage with peers, vendors and agency partners to establish new capabilities and data feeds in order to achieve project & business objectives
Assisting in the development and delivery of projects under guidance.
We have an exciting opportunity for a commercial focused and analytically minded Financial Reporting Analyst to join our Finance Team to support and drive business reporting, and provide meaningful analysis, insights and recommendations to drive performance and commercial outcomes.  
Strong competency in data modelling and data design.
This includes logical and physical modelling, partitioning strategies for large tables
Previous business improvement\process changes experience from inception to completion
Data science project and resource planning.
Close date: 05 December 2021 (9:00pm AWST)For further information regarding the position visit the City of Wanneroo website or contact Juan-Mari Davies, Senior Project Manager on 9405 5210
We want your perspective and ideas to help us find better ways to build our team, so we encourage you to apply no matter your age, sex or cultural background.
You can be part of a committed, highly skilled team who’ll appreciate what you bring to the table.
You’ll set and achieve goals and make decisions that matter, as together we help shape and contribute to the Evolution vision.
Perform real-time analytics on incoming data
Accountable for the operations and management of data environments supporting all aspects of information reporting (both cloud and on-premises).
Define frameworks for data integration and data processing supporting cross-digital platform integration, analytics and Business Intelligence.
·       Strategy (business, product, go to market)
It is an essential requirement of the role that successful applicants will have had their first dose of the COVID-19 vaccine by 1st December 2021 and their second dose by 17 January 2022.
Work type: Fixed Term
Design, build and maintain data integration pipelines for predictive models at varying levels of use cases, complexity, and business areas.
stakeholder management across Seek
A sustained commitment to Reconciliation, having launched our first Reconciliation Action Plan in 2015
Advanced data extraction and processing skills using SQL
  If you have any questions or would like a confidential conversation about the opportunity, reach out to either Adam or Shane
Please ensure you take a look at the Position Description provided for additional information on accountabilities for this role.
About you
Should you require any reasonable adjustments with the recruitment process, please contact the Talent Acquisition team at 
hr-talent@unimelb.edu.au.
We look forward to receiving your application!
 If you enjoy working in a team and welcome new challenges, this is a great opportunity to join ACOR in this newly created role.
ACOR is passionate about creating a sustainable company that nurtures its people and provides excellent opportunities for advancement.
Marketing background, experienced with digital marketing channels
Lead detailed solution design, data modelling, estimation and specification process
Continuously develop new and improved data engineering best practice and capabilities
Streamlining the reporting portfolio
Please forward your resume to Ben Cousins at Recruitment Hive by clicking the Apply for this Job button, or email your resume to info@recruitmenthive.com.au citing Job ID: 5734.  
Alternatively you may call Ben on (02)
6299 1006 (if you have a Baseline Security Clearance).  
Applicaitons close 8/12/2021
however Recruitment Hive welcome late applicants to consider for future opportunities.
Data Migration and Assurance Analyst
Comfortable actively engaging and leading sales and business development opportunities with clients.
You’re a great communicator
Knowledge of process improvement methodologies.
Actively looking to attract and promote women into non- traditional roles and putting support structures in place to help them succeed.
Please visit (genu.org.au) for a copy of the position description outlining full details of this role.
About you: 
Is an entrepreneurial and innovative ASX top 50 company with 80,000 employees and 500+ locations globally;
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using BigQuery, Python and GCP big data' technologies.
Experience using Asana, Jira or similar
Contribute to creating customer behaviour insights and risk assessment using advanced analytical techniques to support business decision making processes.
Application Process
Airservices Australia is a diverse and inclusive employer that recognises the benefits of having a workforce that reflects the communities in which we work.
We encourage applications from diverse groups including Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander people.
Join our team of Catchies
Experience using relevant frameworks and consulting methods.
Your application must address the selection criteria.
Please refer to "How to apply for Monash Jobs".
Has recently won awards for being a 'Best Place to Work' and 'Employer of Choice for Gender Equality';
Intelligent image and video analysis
Founded in 2002, ELMO Software is one of the fastest-growing technology companies in Australia and New Zealand, with offices both locally and abroad in the United Kingdom.
ELMO is a cloud-based solution that helps thousands of organisations to effectively manage their people, process and pay.
Visit our careers site to view "Life at Lexer"
Work as part of an industry leading organisation
Team Leadership for Initiatives
For more information on Thales visit us @ThalesCareers on Instagram
After submitting your application, you may receive an email invitation to complete an initial online video interview.
Simply complete your interview at a time and place that suits you, within the timeframe provided.
Video interviews give us more flexibility in our initial hiring process and offer you a chance to provide a more personal impression of you.  
To submit your application, please apply online using the Apply for this Job button above. 
Transform, analyse and visualise data to help solve business problems and make informed decisions
2 x Permanent, full-time and 1 x 12-month Fixed term, full-time roles available
Provide administrative support regarding data systems, including the development and delivery of training and support materials for end users.
Type: Permanent, full time position (open to remote working)
The role is open to residents or citizens of Australia only, as the client cannot sponsor for this particular role.
Please note, applications will only be considered when submitted via the MCRI website.
Development experience with C#, Python, Scala, Spark highly regarded
Strong analytical, problem-solving skills, attention to detail and the ability to multitask
More than a job, this is an opportunity to make a strategic impact and accelerate your personal growth with an organisation committed to offering you a great place to work.
Provide technical advice and analyse business processes to determine how they can be better supported to improve business outcomes.
At least 2 years experience in the chemical or pharmaceutical industry
SQL – Advanced (required)
Financial industry and previous experience with remediation or/and data analytics programs is a big plus
If you would like to work for a values-based, purpose-driven company, apply now!
Provide excellent customer service by resolving issues in a timely manner.
Experienced communicator with senior non technical stakeholders
Work closely with Business Stakeholders to understand AGL's business strategy
Have proficient computer literacy
Designing, implementing, maintaining, testing, and remaining up to date with latest developments in relation to information systems and related technologies.
Report design creativity while meeting functional requirements;
Hands on experience in Power BI
Data and analytics skills that can present data in a meaningful and accessible way.
Strong analytical and solutions-focused skills
Strong background in DW, ideally for big data (Hive, Spark, Hadoop, etc.)
Provide an Internal Consulting approach to Identify and Solve Business Problems
Perform all quality control testing necessary for each of the assays performed, and review, document and act on the results according to departmental policy
You will have extensive experience with the end-to-end ML/AI solutions development process starting from gaining a deep understanding of the problem and ending with a production level implementation of the ML pipeline.
You will also stay up-to-date with emerging techniques in NLP and ML and be deeply involved in a culture of continual improvement.
Demonstrated experience in data management technologies and data analysis, including the ability to work with large amounts of information and see the 'bigger picture'
Extensive experience designing patterns across Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Warehousing, Azure Synapse, Azure Databricks, Big Data, Data Lakes and App Insights - advantageous
Building relationships with clients and identifying opportunities for data design improvement
Employment Type:
Full-time 
Applications close:
Wednesday, 8 December 2021
The opportunity to develop and fast track your career - you’ll work on a range of diverse and challenging opportunities alongside industry leaders.
As well as supporting your development and career, joining ManpowerGroup will mean that you will have access to our suite of benefits, including but not limited to: opportunity to purchase leave, three months Company-funded paid parental leave, opportunities to give back to the community, access to study leave and internal exposure opportunities to support your continued growth and development, fantastic reward and recognition programs, and more.
Advising on data architecture, data models, data migration, integration and pipelines, and data analysis and visualisation
Click ‘Apply now’ to submit your application and view the Position Description
At Rio Tinto, we particularly welcome and encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, women, the LGBTI+ community, mature workers, people with disabilities and people from different cultural backgrounds.
Extracting, preparing and querying large databases and analysing complex data sets to uncover business opportunities and presenting insights to stakeholders
Closing Date: Please apply with a cover letter and current CV by Sunday 12th December at 5pm.
Experience building and optimizing big data pipelines, architectures, and data sets
As a not-for-profit fund with no shareholders, we are dedicated to doing the right thing for our members.
That’s why our iconic brand’s reputation is built on personalised service, community support and a motivation to deliver for our members in the moments that matter.
Creating customer profiles in our systems
Build & continuously improve converters to allow Meter data to be input in a usable, meaningful, and accurate format.
Data brokering and acquisition, including facilitating access, licensing and agreements where required.
Azure
Data Lake / Blob knowledge
Skills & Experience
Ensure the correct procedures and methods are followed at all times. 
We unify and respond to challenges
Minimum 3 years of experience as a Data Analyst in a complex digital environment.
Web-base Reporting & CRM System experience
If the above role interests you please apply at jbarve@talentstreet.com.au
Technical expertise in Data and Cloud solutions
Be able to commit to a two-year contract with FDM upon completion of the training period
Supporting pre-sales activity to promote Servian, our capabilities, and value to current and prospective clients.
🤹🏻 🤹🏻 Bonus Skills
Using project management techniques to identify projects to assist end-users.
Data Science Platforms (eg DataBricks, AWS Sagemaker, R-Studio, Jupyter Notebooks)
Generous product discounts
What the role will offer:
Business on the move, redefining the way we engage with our customers
Excellent communication skills
Good to have experience across multiple big data technologies, such as MS Azure, GCP, AWS, Cloudera, Mark logic, Neo4j, Splunk, Cassandra, Spark, Kafka, etc.
Parental Leave options.
Develop robust SAS, SQL and other data-driven code, data integration, automated processes, and delivery solutions
What next?
Work cooperatively within a team, managing multiple work streams while focusing on producing successful results
Ability to articulate highly technical concepts and insights, in a way that can be understood by stakeholders of varying degrees of technical literacy.
2+ years experience in engineering & data engineering.
Data Modelling –
Able to create basic data models/scenarios without guidance.
Experience building and deploying solutions to Cloud (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud)
You will be a part of the team that:
Engage with stakeholders across the organisation to build out the requirements for the project
It's not often a chance comes up to take on a role which will enable you to immerse yourself in a highly regarded national social enterprise that is committed to connecting one of Australia’s largest businesses with local small businesses, to support the communities within BHP’s operational footprint.
Takes the initiative to grow and develop skills and knowledge in the flow of everyday work
Global opportunities
Use a variety of database, modelling and analytical tools
You have at least 3 years of experience in data engineering, ETL or analysis
Servian hasn’t met a problem yet that we couldn’t solve.
Our people are our greatest asset with a dynamic and diverse team operating from locations across the country - from bustling cities to regional and remote locations, including an island.
This team keep Australia’s aviation industry safe every day of the year, both in the air and on the ground.
The successful Data Analyst must have the following;
Be willing to learn and evolve
that best demonstrates your ability to meet the requirements of the role.
Develop cloud-based data pipeline architectures and enable streaming analytics and scaling beyond  
the organisations current capabilities
Ability to effectively communicate with business stakeholders and technical leadership groups would be highly required.
Managing your time, the team, the stakeholders, and the engagement, to deliver the data management capability.
Ad-hoc data retrieval and analysis as requested by management
By being part of our story, you will play an important role in helping Australia transition to a cleaner and more connected tomorrow.
Ensure all work, tasks and reports are completed on time and in accordance with EHS, GMP-GLP and Blackmores’ Quality System.
Location: Clayton campus
Use existing standard reports or writing ad-hoc data queries to produce evidence for compliance, fraud and legal matters.
SAS/SQL programming skillset is highly desirable for this function.
Compliance with all Safety and Sustainability requirements
Create technical solutions to data source and reporting problems
Understanding at least one language, its runtime and ecosystem (Python, Javascript/Typescript,  Scala/Java, Go, etc.)
Experience in building integrated data analytics platform
Support the execution of the Group's day-to-day technology operations for multiple applications/products
Able to mentor and develop team members and be open to mentoring
To be a part of an exciting growth phase within a fast-expanding technology company
Applications close date:  Friday 3rd of December 2021
Please note this role will involve lifting of chemical waste drums.
Resourcefulness – sometimes, the answers aren’t always in front of you, you’ll need ingenuity and resourcefulness to find answers to those questions you’re asking
Self motivation, problem solving skills and a “can-do” attitude
The Role•    Collaborate with data scientists, ontologists and service managers to deliver excellent software for our partners in an agile environment. 
•    
Participating in the design and definition of software components to meet your squad’s remit, considering robustness, fault tolerance, scalability and performance.•    Being responsible for your service in production, its consistent uptime, troubleshooting, non-functional SLAs. 
•    
Ensuring that systems are adequately developed, tested, and are fit for purpose. 
•    
Working in a passionate, dynamic, growing environment with the ability to learn and adapt quickly to new methodologies and technologies. 
•    
Driving towards continuous delivery; act as an enabler for your team members, removing obstacles from their paths and identifying potentials for delivery, business and process improvements. 
•    
Strive for technical excellence; help communicate the healthy tension between the desire for immediate delivery and the long-term viability of the code base. 
•    
Support experiments to assess performance of various algorithms and use the results to iteratively improve the platform. 
Experience working in another Big 4 consultancy will be highly regarded
Do you have the formal qualification and/or experience required for this position?
Design and develop visualisations which enable interactive, clear insights that are scalable with new filters, metrics and segment splits and use a range of appropriate charts and techniques.   
Demonstrated experience with Data Warehouse and Master Data Management concepts
Consult with the wider business on the changes and design a new operating model
An inclusive team of industry experts who promote collaboration and innovation
New Aim has achieved consistent double-digit revenue growth for over 10 years and our team is growing consistently with New Aimer’s joining the team every week.
We regularly win awards such as:
Cloud Services – AWS – Preferable
You can easily create dashboards using more one or more visualisation tools (PowerBI, Tableau, Qlik, R Shiny, etc.)
About UsQuestas Group is a group of diverse industrial companies providing design, sales, trade retail, service & repair, installation & commissioning and large scale projects across hydraulic, irrigation, pump and engine product lines to the mining, construction, agricultural and general industrial sectors.
At NEC, we offer an outstanding working environment, fantastic corporate culture and an excellent track record of internal promotions along with continuous learning and development opportunities.
We place great emphasis on our staff satisfaction and you will enjoy a wide range of benefits such as flexible work options, paid parental leave, NEC Partner Product Discounts, access to great discounts at many retail providers, health and wellbeing program and much more.
Relevant qualifications in a financial/analytical discipline
Advanced data extraction and processing skills using SQL, Spark
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
General operational expertise such as good troubleshooting skills, understanding of systems capacity, bottlenecks, basics of memory, CPU, OS, storage, and networks.
Reward and Recognition Program 'Shining Stars'.
Experience building and optimizing big data, data pipelines, architectures, and data sets
It is an exciting time to join ACM.
Ability to collaborate and manage stakeholders across  teams  
Understanding of scoping, designing, implementing and deploying machine-learning models
The Role
This job will partner with key business, analytics, AI, and technology stakeholders to identify business challenges, contribute to the development of a SEEK data plan, drive the insights, and develop solutions to enable the business teams to perform at the highest levels.
This role is part of the Data Practice which consists of experts and advisors with a specific focus on enabling exceptional data-driven products and decisions through a coordinated approach to shared data practices and culture at SEEK.
Applications close: 15 Dec 2021 11:55 PM AUS Eastern Daylight Time
Reporting to the Data Engineer Manager, the Data Engineer (MS-SSIS) is primarily responsible for running and maintaining a legacy SQL Server information mart.
Your knowledge of SQL Server environment in particular MS-SSIS will ensure that the platform runs as expected.
Essential Skills: 
Hack Days for you to bring
so you can bring your big ideas to life in a supportive learning environment
Drive & passion for innovation!
Experience in complex enterprise environment
Job
No.: 627400
Manage stakeholders’ expectations and tasks accounting for end-to-end delivery of deliverables
Two additional leave days to be used for activities that promote personal or community wellness
We’re an agency like no other.
Based in Perth with a team of 25, we are the market leader in WA.
We continue to experience unprecedented growth with more projects, more clients, new markets, and new plans to look forward to.
Given this growth throughout Australia, we’re opening up a Melbourne office and looking for new talent to join the pack to service our strong growth in Melbourne.
Work closely with a wide range of Clients through diverse industries across multiple continents 
To Apply
General laboratory management, including ordering, assisting students and maintaining tissue banks and databases.
Well-developed IT skills with demonstrated abilities in the use of reporting writing tools, spreadsheets, and statistical software.
Demonstrated experience with Python or Java development experience
Internal Recognition & Rewards program - Claim your free coffee, wellness or restaurant vouchers, movie tickets, annual leave & much more!
Training and development opportunities
Drive data implementation tasks that include provisioning data storage services, ingesting streaming and batch data, transforming data, implementing security requirements, implementing data retention policies, identifying performance bottlenecks, and accessing external data sources
Ensuring a high availability of BI/data visualisation and management platforms; and,
If this sounds of interest, APPLY NOW!
Duties of the Data Migration & Assurance Analyst
3+ years of work experience in marketing research, statistical or data analysis (or academic equivalent)
Experience in developing within MS Flow/Power Automate.
At least 1 year of experience in a data analyst related function
Develop SOPs for process and analytic methods; facilitate technology transfer; provide training and support to Production team with biological separation processes and analytical assays; and provide project management leadership;
We do meaningful work every day - we move fast and focus on what matters
What we are looking for:  To be considered for this opportunity, you will be self-motivated and have demonstrated experience in a similar role.
Somespecific requirements and attributes will also include;
Grow the vertical through sales and marketing campaigns in close coordination with Central Operations
Flexible and balanced working environment (mix of office and work from home days)
Competency in design and user experience techniques
Ability to study, analyse and interpret complex activities and/or information in order to improve new practices or develop new approaches 
Experience with Xplan (IRESS) or similar software desirable 
Provision and configure effective Azure environments including resource creation and maintenance, platform security, and database management services.
Ability and willingness to travel to collections centres outside of Wagga for work, as well as hold a current unencumbered Class C NSW drivers licence
SQL
Experience in business partnering cross functionally to meet organisational goals
Experience with test driven development techniques.
Knowledge of the following principles: Agile, Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery (CI/CD), DevOps, or MLops; this includes but is not limited to improving governance, automation, scalability, and
Paid parental leave (4 weeks) and maternity leave (12 weeks)   
Experience working with semi-structured, unstructured, relational, and non-relational data
Experience in data analysis with proficiency in extracting and manipulating large datasets using SQL / MicroStrategy / Tableau / Excel (or similar)
Desire to work in a high-value team across all areas of the bank
To be eligible for the role, you must be:
We embrace diversity and forward thinking   
Develop models to determine the success of business initiatives, past or proposed
Track record of implementing databases and data access middleware and high-volume batch and (near) real-time processing
Design, implement and maintain innovative data solutions that help to deliver real value from our data
Level 5:  $72,279 - $81,741 (FTE) salary band + superannuation
Developing a genomic data sharing portal, extending our prototype built using the Gen3 platform
This is a great opportunity to join a business at a critical time of their development journey.
You’ll have exposure to a range of technologies, including cloud and huge datasets, and work as part of a large development team to achieve the common goal of offering the best solution to their clients.
Exposure to cloud-native data warehouses (e.g. Redshift, BigQuery, Synapse Analytics, Snowflake) is highly regarded
Develop and maintain repeatable processes and protocols to facilitate high quality analyses by team members.
If your application is suitable but the role is filled prior to the advertising close date, you can rest assured that we will keep in touch and consider you for the next similar opportunity.
You love to learn and have great attention to detail
Thank you for your interest in this role.
We look forward to receiving your application.
Examples of this include;
Experience designing efficient and robust ETL/ELT workflows and data modelling
Technical post graduate qualification (statistics, actuarial, engineering, maths etc) is essential.
Strong and adaptable communication style – can affectively convey detail to a variety of stakeholders
Bluefin Resources are working with a leading and prestigious University to recruit a Business and Data Visualisation Analyst with solid understanding of data analysis and visualisation dashboards.
Primary FunctionThe Business and Data Visualisation Analyst, reporting to the Senior Planning and Insights Manager (Manager), will work with multiple clients at the same time for a short or medium term duration as required and will develop long term stakeholder relationships.
The role will have strong consulting experience and expertise in continuous improvement.
The role will influence senior-level thinking and stakeholders at all levels and support clients with actionable insights.
This role will be responsible for undertaking business analysis activities for "In Scope" programs that will support the achievement of sustainable organisational, process and strategic change.
The role will be responsible for gathering business requirements, data mapping/analysis, developing and maintaining dashboards, preparing functional specifications, the identification and mapping of 'as is' and 'to be' business processes, developing KPI and supplier risk/reward reporting, facilitating workshops and supporting delivery according to project and BAU timeframes.
Key Accountabilities
- Design and develop cloud-based applications
An Undergraduate Degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering or relevant field
The ability to understand technical concepts and use that understanding to inform your judgement and decision making;
This is a child-related position.
A Working with Children Check is a prerequisite for anyone in child-related work.
It involves a national criminal history check and review of findings of workplace misconduct.
Being small and adaptive, we are purpose built to say yes, to make it easier for our customers to get the funding they need, when they need it.
We pride ourselves on our personal relationships with customers, our diverse workforce and collaborative culture.
Our Domestic Retail Portfolio business unit has a 12-month opportunity as the Product and Partnerships Data Analyst.
You will be responsible for reporting and data analysis to support PHI product strategy and strategic partnerships including but not limited to comparators, Woolworths, and OneBupa.  
Working work cross functionally with a range of internal/external stakeholders in order to expand the reporting and analytics capabilities of the core PHI business for both direct channels as well as strategic partnerships.  
Key responsibilities include:
If you have suitability with valid visa to work in Australia , please send updated profile via SEEK
You are required to :-
If you are interested in the role, please apply now using the link and the Expertech team will respond to you.
Grow and develop yourself and charge your career direction!
Take advantage of our training allowance.
Hormonal health.
Work with a 13-time Microsoft Gold Partner and Awarded Growth company (2020) alongside some of the industry's leading tech professionals (we are proud to say we preserve a hub of some of the top talent in this space)
report to stakeholders on the results of our work
Experience and understanding of Data Cleansing and structures
Supervised and unsupervised learning
Automate or improve existing code, data science work, testing, model validation, optimisation, difficulties with scalability or speed up run-times
Assemble large, complex data sets as per business requirements.
Reporting to a Principal Data Scientist, you will join an established Machine Learning / Data Science capability driving the global SEEK agenda on data analytics and machine learning.
Get excited by the opportunity to investigate new data sources, methodologies and technologies and through working collaboratively with colleagues to solve really hard problems as part of a team clever and highly engaged people.
This is our generation’s call to action, and it isn’t possible without you.
Build a launch plan and budget for the vertical you're launching
Foster a continuous improvement mindset to drive efficiency and effectiveness of services delivered to all RSL Queensland stakeholders.
Transform data from multiple sources using R programming to produce automated data analytics, visualisations and statistical reports.
Applications for the Australian Government Graduate Program - Data stream (AGGP Data Graduates) and for ABS ICT graduates will open in March 2022.Register your interest to keep up to date with new information on the AGGP Data and ABS ICT graduate recruitment.
Be the first to know once we confirm details regarding timeframes and the selection process.
If successful most Graduate programs will commence in February 2023.AGGP Data GraduatesA wide range of data graduate roles will be recruited for, including Data Analysts, Data Scientists and Statistical Methodology Specialists.
Data Graduate roles support evidence-based, informed decision making, and work across all aspects of government such as policy development, program management and service delivery.
Data Graduate roles cover the full data lifecycle including survey and questionnaire development, data acquisition, data engineering and data analysis, as well as more specialised streams such as data science, methodology, Geospatial analysis and data management.
Data Graduates roles may be offered across all capital cities, Geelong and Newcastle.
In 2021, agencies seeking data graduates included:
Paid parental leave
Your responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Track record working in a quality-controlled environment, preferably an accredited facility following ISO/IEC 17025, ISO 15189, GLP or similar
The ability to provide instruction and the capacity to work well in a team will be pivotal
therefore your verbal and written communication will be well-developed.
Market leader in compensation + stock options

Comprehensive health benefits

Paid paternity and maternity leave, including adoption 
Flexible work hours and remote friendly environment

Wellness programs

Peer recognition 

Inclusive culture focused on people, customers and innovation
Experience accessing and processing structured and unstructured data in AWS.
Develop customisations and enhancements of the Ascender Pay product.

Relevant tertiary qualifications in management information systems, business information systems, computer / data science or related field and/or equivalent industry experience.  

Exiting opportunity to join the small, vibrant and passionate  Waste Management team at the City of Wanneroo
A dynamic work culture, with the opportunity to develop a career in data and analytics
Documenting solutions and operations to make sure you can be freed up to work on new projects and deliveries, and to improve communication with stakeholders.
A progressive Government Department is looking to engage MULTIPLE skilled and experienced Data Analysts to join an innovative team with offices Australia wide.
The successful Data Analysts will support business teams to understand the potential of data d deriving data driven insights through uplifting requirements as documented with the Business Analysts.
This is a contract through to June 2022, partnered with a 12-month extension.
The Successful Data Analysts will be responsible for but not limited to;
You must be an Australian citizen or PR in order to be considered.
Proficient in a source code control system such as GIT; Strong T-SQL scripting and data modelling skills
well-developed written and oral communication skills including strong interpersonal, and relationship management skills 
Familiarity with CI/CD platforms and pipeline deployment patterns (Jenkins, Ansible, AWS Cloud Formation) and infrastructure as a code development
As our new Data QA Engineer you will play a key role in building the quality checkpoints at each integrating component of the overall data architecture.
You will establish the overall test strategy,  implement scripts and leverage various tools to continuously validate our data infrastructure and pipeline and support analytics that drive business insights across the organisation.
Grow your technical leadership skills  
Founded in 1853, the University of Melbourne is Australia’s #1 university, and is consistently ranked amongst the leading universities in the world.
We are proud of our people, our commitment to research and teaching excellence, and our global engagement.
Responsive to information requests, keeping clients informed on progress and status
Telco and OR Cloud Product experience
Experience with XML and JSON API solutions
Consulting to external clients
Azure Key Vault
Implement standards, process improvements and automations
Provide technical guidance to the data engineering and analytics teams
Benefits
Cloud & Technology - Cloud Services (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform), HashiCorp
Full working rights, unfortunately, we cannot consider temporary work visas for this role
Develop traditional credit risk scorecards (i.e. logistic regression) in line with established Model Governance framework and package model artefacts for deployment.
Fully stocked kitchen with breakfast and lunch served daily
Demonstrated experience in change management and use of financial, statistical, human resources and management data to proactively improve laboratory efficiency and effectiveness
MANDATORY FOR ALL NEW STAFF TO CABRINI
Skills and key requirements:
Knowledge of behavioural analytics and survey solutions such as Qualtrics.
Strong project management, collaboration and communication skills
Ability to work collaboratively with remote staff across in national/international locations, and build rapport with customers/clients across a varying range of industries
Hunger to learn, develop and invest your career within Stryker.
Builds and deploys machine learning and analytics models into production.
As a member of the Continuous Improvement Team, the role will play a key part in creating a best practise model and approach to Continuous Improvement and Automation globally at Bill Identity. 
Build data assets that are aligned to DET strategy and architectural roadmaps
Collaborative and Inclusive Culture | Empowering & Engaged Leaders
| Working with Powerful Purpose & Sustainable Impact | Learning and Growing in your Career | Supporting Well-being & Sustainable
Working Life | Life-changing Innovations | Competitive Total rewards.
Intermediate-to-strong SQL skills, comfortable manipulating large and complex datasets
Training      and Development Program
This pivotal role will provide you the opportunity to collaborate with stakeholders from across the organisation, delivering innovative solutions through leading technologies.
Good negotiation and influencing skills, and confidence to operate at all levels of the business
Assisting in drive the development of an Audience Strategy to help shape the programming and marketing priorities of the organisation
Diagnose data-related bugs and ensure they are resolved in a timely manner 
Analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets is desirable
Work Location: Solomon
The opportunity to make an impact to and work with market-leading clients
Advanced understanding of compounding with reactive inorganic and polymeric systems in building products  
Financial markets experience is an added bonus, but not needed.
Ideal experience would be someone who has worked on a large-scale system or an application that processes large amounts of data.
Working closely with our Data & Analytics team
Exposure to Python, R, Tableau, SAP BW, SAP BO or Lumera is not essential but maybe beneficial
Responsible for contributing to a high performing team, coaching junior staff and interns, delivering data science capabilities, nurturing team experimentation, partnerships, academic engagement and cross-function/border collaboration
Apply to get in touch with our Talent team who will give you a deeper idea around the role, expectations, value, our efficient recruitment process and everything you need to know about LAB3!
Referrals also welcome!
Proficient in data modelling techniques, especially 3NF and dimensional modelling.
As the ideal candidate you will demonstrate the following: 
Demonstrated strategic thinking and professional networks in a specialty of pathology relevant to the laboratory, and understanding of the role and function of public laboratories within the Australian and NSW health systems
Knowledge of developing Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Machine Learning (ML) models, particularly collecting data, preparing data, choosing algorithms, training models, tuning models, evaluating models, and deploying models
Access to our 24/7 gym located at Global HQ
Provide scientific expertise and assistance in the optimisation, validation and conduct of bioanalytical assays.
Undertake high-quality collaborative work for clients to comply with relevant international standards, regulatory guidelines and SOP requirements.
We’re not who you think we are.
Our global talents are a cut above the rest who are at the top of their game, thriving in a collaborative environment.
The work culture here is inclusive with the perfect balance of delivering results and pushing the boundaries all whilst having a little fun!
Join a Big 4 Professional Services consulting company!
Huge international brand with an amazing track record for internal career progression.
Open plan modern office in the CBD - walking distance to Britomart
If this role sounds of interest or you would like to hear about other exciting opportunities, please get in touch with the Servian Talent Acquisition Team.
Software development (Python, Scala, Java)
Our people have a critical role to play in achieving these objectives, whether directly or in a supporting capacity.
As a values driven organisation, our people conduct themselves with a high degree of integrity, while striving for excellence in the work they perform and the outcomes they achieve.
We encourage intelligent inquiry, we treat one another with respect, while promoting the public interest in our efforts. 
Design automations to increase operational efficiency.
We are committed to providing and maintaining a safe work environment that is without risk to the health of its employees.
This means applying all current health directions.
As a result, the successful applicant will be required to provide evidence of COVID-19 vaccination prior to commencing work at the Library.
Year-round events, with something for everyone!
What you’ll need
A Values based organisation offering great prospects for career diversity and professional advancement, including training and research opportunities, and access to mentorship and leadership programs
Using ETL tools and languages such as SQL and Python to move, prepare and transform data
Solid experience operating in a data engineering leadership role or leading data delivery teams
Experience in DataLake, DataWarehouse platforms such as AWS Redshift, Snowflake, Oracle is highly required.
competitive remuneration and incentives
program
Build predictive analytic models to recognise patterns and assess likely business outcomes
ABOUT THE ROLE
SQL and R programming background, having knowledge on below ETL/Cloud tools and processes.
         Prepare Board/Management reports and presentations and briefings for senior management and external stakeholders
Just some of the tasks our ideal candidate will be a master of: 
Partner with the Sales and Marketing teams to ensure ‘voice of customer’ is being heard and the business is delivering the required service within in agreed cost control parameters
Regular social activities
         Demonstrated experience of at least 5 years in data analytics and reporting (Experience within Superannuation Industry in APRA Data will be viewed favourably);
At Bendigo and Adelaide Bank we believe a diverse workforce supported by an inclusive culture is central to our success and we actively encourage applications from those who bring diversity of thought to our business.
We support candidate requests for adjustment to accommodate an illness, injury or disability to equitably participate in the selection process.
Advanced computing, numeracy and literacy skills.
Knowledge of microservices architecture and API strategy development.
Work with analytics tools and/or write clean, well-structured SQL, R and/or Python code to access and process sensitive health and regulatory data for advanced analytics to facilitate the ongoing development of improved regulatory policy and support decision making
You will join an R&D team focused on novel tool designs and product development to service unmet needs in the broader Life Sciences Industry, with particular emphasis in cancer diagnostics.
We are seeking candidates with experience in protein modification techniques, exosome biology, antibody biochemistry, and a passion for translating scientific innovations into products that will make a real difference to patients’ lives.
You must have team leadership experience, solid project management skills, translational research expertise, and biomolecular surface chemistry.
Ideal candidates are outside-the-box thinkers, ambitious, independent, goal- oriented, detail-minded, can manage several projects simultaneously, and have natural leadership qualities.
Advantage on having knowledge on Real-time tool - Kafka
PeopleBench is a school workforce research and analytics company, disrupting the way that education workforce strategy & decision making takes place in the K/P-12 Education sector.
Strong programming languages - Python, Java SQL & Shell
Minister, executive staff, other government agencies and the public.
Trust – the foundation of our purpose and our relationships.
Click on the "Apply Now" button with a cover letter addressing the selection criteria above AND a detailed resume in WORD format (PDFs can be corrupted / not processed).
Desirable technical experience:
Our Strategy
A passion for helping students succeed both academically and personally
Experience in an Agile environment and with scrum ceremonies.
Full-time fixed term contract (parental leave replacement)
Discounted health insurance and pet insurance thanks to our partnership with Medibank
Providing data-driven recommendations and solutions to improve customer experience, financial performance, workshop, and warehouse efficiencies
We offer a range of benefits to help provide holistic support for your work life, whatever your circumstance.
As a QBE employee, we will offer you:
Design the data pipelines and assets to meet non-functional requirements (Security, reliability, performance, maintainability, scalability, and usability).
Most importantly, they should be designed to be to keep the compute cost low on Cloud.
Developing, testing Cognos artefacts (BI)
Engaging in knowledge sharing and contributing to the growth and success of the team
We demonstrate creative entrepreneurial scale-up spirit, living and breathing our values every day:
Facilitate data mapping and migration discussion, decisions and outcomes.
Bachelor's degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, or related discipline.
Strong knowledge in conventional Microsoft BI technologies such as SSIS | SSRS | SSAS and traditional DBA systems.
Menulog prides itself on its positive culture.
We value openness and transparency.
While it is not necessarily a determining or disqualifying factor for any role, Menulog requires any new hire to undertake a criminal conviction check. 
Group accordingly by Business Object
Fast, high-quality development in SQL Server or a similar relational database engine such as Oracle or PostgreSQL
Sound SQL, GIT and Python (PySpark, pandas and dataframes); Experience with XML, JSON and unstructured data sources
Translate business goals, user needs and process improvements into solution designs and functional specifications.
Paid Parental Leave Scheme.
Strong communication skills with the ability to present logical and compelling arguments.
E-Commerce is a rapid growing industry and we continue to seek top talent to join our company.  
As a Data Platform Engineer, you will support the data & analytics team by furthering our ability to drive data and analytics solutions across the company by maintaining and developing the cloud data analytics platform, supporting the development and delivery of data engineering solutions and automation of analytics solutions to enable the team or management to make data-driven decisions for New Aim
Who are you in action
When you’re not working from home, you’ll be based in our newly renovated offices in Scoresby, where onsite parking is free and access to great coffee is unlimited
Experience using Alteryx, Tableau, Power BI, SQL, Python will be beneficial
Qualify approved data science candidates; find/refine hypothesises (to get to a valid one, or to agree the rejection of machine learning models if applicable)
2-4 years development experience working in an engineering or science field.
(con/snr con)
Can you deliver...
Working with Us   
Willingness to learn and/or knowledge of or experience in cloud technologies, implementing data engineering pipelines.
The position is responsible for carrying out Corporate Reporting using Google BigQuery data analytics platform and the Looker Business Intelligence platform for all reporting requests including ad-hoc reports.
Please ensure you attach a cover letter outlining how your skills and experience are aligned with this role, and an up to date resume.
For more information about this opportunity and to acquire a position description, please click here.
Extensive data warehouse design experience required, including SQL, Data modelling and ETL principles & Data warehouse interface specification.
Opportunity to work with globally recognised brands and a growth focused organisation
This role will be integral to the evaluation of business performance enabling effective management of the DFR business.
It will also provide detailed analysis and reporting, as determined by National Recruitment Manager.
Good understanding of data warehousing concepts including ETL mechanisms.
Our culture – and the culture at SEEK – is all about supporting each other, sharing knowledge openly, collaboratively, and creating a safe, sustainable and fun environment for everyone to thrive in.
At WEHI we strive to foster a flexible working environment that encourages individual differences and promotes collaboration and creativity.
We recognise that talent does not sit within a single identifiable group in our society and that WEHI's ability to shape contemporary scientific thinking and deliver leading professional services relies on a diversity of thought within our organisation.
Our action to promote gender equality has been recognised with an Athena SWAN Bronze Award from Science in Australia Gender Equity (SAGE)
and we offer a range of support for women researchers.
Our business is focused on developing our people and offerings across the following:
1-2 years of experience in applying various analytical techniques and machine learning algorithms including but not limited to: Propensity modelling, Customer segmentation, GLM, GBM, xGBoost, Random Forest, Forecasting
Experience working with queuing systems, such as SQS, to process large volumes of data.
Other spatial and data interpretation formats to facilitate documentation, reporting and communication with associated reporting lines and end users.
An opportunity to play a key role in the future direction of Euro Garages Australia that is rich with stakeholder management and engagement;
Proven experience in data analysis, including ability to:	 Join multiple datasets; Access and manipulate data quickly and efficiently; Work with both structured and unstructured datasets.  
The creation of a data sharing portal, populated with matched genomic and clinical data, in near-real-time, to support researchers to find novel insights into childhood cancer
You have impeccable attention to detail and excellent data analysis and interpretation skills
access to an Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
API Integration experience
•
Fun, fast-paced, collaborative team culture
Conduct quality assurance checks on data, and ensure compliance with record keeping procedures
Passionate about building automated, fault tolerant and reliable solutions
Working knowledge of other components such as Oracle ESB and BPEL, SSO and OIM
Data management within technology platforms
Performs business and technical requirements analysis and review.
Salary packaging
You will be prompted to respond to a selection criteria questionnaire as part of the application process.  
For further information about this position, please contact Dr Kara Vine-Perrow on +61 2 4221 4256.
Conceptual thinkers are needed in this multidiscipline team to perform a combination of both quantitative and qualitative analysis and interpretation to evaluate their two large complex programs.
Digital Agriculture Services (DAS) is a young business working in partnership with leading scientific organisations to deliver insights into agriculture.
We are used by traders, valuers, lenders and insurers from major banks and insurance companies. 
Expert with T-SQL queries, stored procedures and analysis.
Permanent Opportunity
Manage team asset to meet AGLs Security & IT policies
Actively contribute new ideas to holistically innovate processes with regards to reducing risk, increasing quality, dependability, and speed
An opportunity to work for an iconic Queensland brand
Strong Communication Skills
Team player:
You like being part of high performing teams and like sharing your knowledge with your peers.
Ensure laboratory practices and animal ethics submissions meet required deadlines and comply with all relevant guidelines, standards and regulations;
Must have worked on DWH development and implementation using Netezza, Oracle, Teradata, Snowflake, Bigdata and UNIX.
Australian Public Service Commission
The Senior Master Data Analyst is responsible for sustaining network performance by maintaining and supporting TasNetworks’ network asset data through high levels of customer service in support of Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) requirements.
You will take the lead in identifying and resolving complex problems while actioning complex data transformations.
Attention to detail in documenting, executing, analysing, and reporting experimental data
Formulating Science (contribute to a culture of excellence)
We work hard to create a safe and inclusive environment for all, and most importantly, we're all about creating better experiences – for our customers and for each other.
Get social - Join our vibrant social and community activities including annual celebrations, family fun days and regular events across each of our sites.
Engage with clients to understand their business drivers, goals and desired outcomes from business programs and technology solutions.
It is a condition of employment with the Bank that you are fully vaccinated against COVID-19, unless you have a medical contraindication or acute illness which prevents you from receiving the vaccine and you provide satisfactory evidence of this to the Bank.
If you would like to express interest in role, please click on the APPLY button now.
Due to a high number of applicants, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted for a further discussion within 3-5 business days.
We thank you for taking interest in this opportunity with us.
For a complete list of opportunities with Cognizant visit http://www.cognizant.com/careers
Ensures that Data Engineering Solutions are aligned to Strategy and solutions are reviewed by domain and cross domain architects
Quality check and build processes to ensure a high level of data accuracy.
Strong attention to detail
What you’ll be working on 
Monitor and analyse core Sales KPIs and provide stakeholders with insights and dashboards within Salesforce.
Google Analytics & GTM experience desirable
DevOps Engineer – Data Integration
Must have excellent problem solving/analytical skills.
Join Tableau - Join the community and download Tableau Public by creating a new account.
Work with us!
Your reward is to work in a collaborative environment which will provide you with opportunities for ongoing training and development.
Your benefits will include salary packaging, and employee assistance program.
Skills and Experience
Job Reference
# 200205108
Position Summary: 
What you will be doing:
Participate in regular design meetings and code reviews
An organisation that is experiencing incredible growth
Demonstrated experience with API development, graphQL is preferable
Some exposure to statistical/machine learning modelling would be advantageous.
Currently work from home with prospect to return to the office 1-2 days per week
Support regular processing of new data updates and model trainings
Autonomous, reliable, with high communication skills.
Benefits & Culture
Please see the link below to view the full Position Description:
Driven and motivated by working with data
Build a strong Customer / Business Stakeholder relationship with the business owner for any assets/products developed
The OUC acts as the discipline leader and oversees the end-to-end design and delivery for a small and related cluster of units within each course.
Create and manage entities, business rules and strategies for master data and metadata management;
If you are interested in working with a highly talented team with a family culture built on innovation, then please email the above details
to haritha.sriperumbudur@tnasolutions.com before COB 10th December 2021. 
ML Governance inc.
Compliance & Risk Management – Versioning, Auditability ensuring compliance with regulations.
Evolve is an award winning agency specialising in scientific/technical recruitment in: Pharmaceutical, Food, Biotechnology, Chemical, Petrochemical, Environmental, Health Services, Life Sciences, Mining and more.
Identify and create solutions that streamline workflow and improve processes
Prepare data workflows and documentation;
To join us, click apply now!
Diverse & challenging project work
We do things a little differently...
Across all our brands, we take our business seriously but not ourselves.
We take leaps of faith, have trust in our teams and work collaboratively to achieve our goals. 
That’s the FCTG Way.
Implement processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate and available for key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it.
Manage Analytics, Business Intelligence Tools and Systems
Contribute as a team to the future enhancements of the Sonder’s
EDW (tier-3) on Snowflake (Integration layer DataVault 2.0 & Presentation Layer Star-Schema).
The Intelligence Analytics Team is responsible for leadership of Child Care Subsidy fraud and compliance data analysis and intelligence.
This team works closely with internal and external stakeholders, and leads production and analysis of Child Care Subsidy and other data to detect high-risk behaviour patterns, identify targets for compliance and fraud activity, deliver case and investigations evidence support, and develop appropriate performance metrics.
🤹🏻 Skills
 i. SQL Server 
Here's what we are looking for:
Trusted to deliver
Financial business case development.
Tertiary qualifications or relevant experience in Data Analytics, IT, Science, Statistics, Business or Economics. 
Ability to lead project teams in driving end to end activities to meet set milestones and provide necessary mentorship/ guidance for the team growth.
New Product Development
Hunger to continue learning and growing
ELMO Social clubs (movies, books, Green team) and Communities of Interest (cooking, pets, gardening)
Another stream of early work is exploring use of video data for analytics and insights to understand movement patterns
Must be an expertise designing, developing and implementing robust production-grade systems for data ETL, SQL for reporting and data transformation, developing integrations for data ingestion, data mapping and data processing capabilities (large scale ETL, BI and/or Analytical platforms)
With over 3000 staff across 200 national locations, a strong history of committed leadership and values driving growth, we invite you to bring your professional skills and passion to our motivated team.
Any experience working in a consultancy is high desirable
Short listing will commence immediately.
We reserve the right to close the position without notice.
Only suitable candidates will be considered and contacted if short listed.
Solid understanding and practical experience working with geospatial and statistical data of different types.
Office Location(s)
: 50 Lonsdale Street/Work from home
Coach and mentor junior data scientists, leading and working effectively with team members who are contributing to projects
Support throughout the contract
The candidate will provide technical and research support and conduct experimental work for research projects.
Mobile: 0488 590 551
Hungry to be trained and mentored to a high level in the field of Data Science
In addition to a great contracting rate and up to 12.75% employer superannuation, this government department offers a range of non-financial benefits.
These include supported professional development, opportunities for career growth, job security, flexible working arrangements including working from home, as well as the opportunity to upskill in cloud and machine learning technologies.
Furthermore, the work you do will have a direct impact on the Queensland community; making this a meaningful role with the opportunity to make a difference.
Experience applying CI/CD and Agile practices, integration tests, and development practices.
Culturing and transfection of suspension and adherent mammalian cell lines.
Data ingestion, matching & orchestration, thus supporting campaign and analytical requirements
Experience
Close to public transportation
Degree in Computer Science/IT, or equivalent practical experience.
Ability to write serviceable code in Python and comfortable working with and around a software development team
Advanced report writing, programming and process automation skills
•           
Experience with SQL and T-SQL
Sound like the job you are looking for?
Before you apply it’s also worth knowing what we are looking for:
Senior Data Engineer | REMOTE | SQL | AWS |
Spark|
Storm|
ETL | Data Lake | ML | AI
Are you:
To be eligible to apply, you must have Australian or New Zealand citizenship or permanent residency status.
AWS DMS/Experience with database replication
If selected, you’ll be required to complete a number of background checks — don’t worry, we’ll help you through this process.
Manage the development, implementation and evaluation of initiatives that increases the performance capability across Marketing.
Conduct data analysis, develop models, implement pilots and conceptually guiding a range of stakeholders through new concepts and ideas
Experience within the AWS Cloud environment with data services such as AWS S3, AWS EC2, AWS Kinesis, AWS Glue, AWS Athena and products such as Snowflake and Matillion;
Exhibit adaptability, resilience, transparency, trustworthiness, passion and innate curiosity.
AGL has a commitment to maintain a diverse workforce, and welcomes the opportunity for applicants to share their lived experiences.
We also recognise that some applicants may not wish to disclose, and we respect their decision.
To learn more about reasonable adjustments that can be offered throughout the recruitment process, please visit: http://www.agl.com.au/-/media/aglmedia/documents/about-agl/who-we-are/our-committments/210719_reasonable_adjustments_guideline_2021.pdf
[link removed]
🥑 Snacks and open fridge
Benefits:  
Support the enablement of business intelligence capabilities by provisioning specialist advice on the visualisation of information
A superior technical knowledge of databases, business intelligence tools and SQL will be highly regarded
Excellent customer service and communication skills
A bit about the role
Call Jess today on 0487 359 039 to find out more about this fantastic opportunity! 
As a Defence security clearance is required for this role, applicants must be Australian citizens and eligible to obtain and maintain an appropriate clearance.  
To learn more about clearances please visit – http://www.defence.gov.au/AGSVA/ [link removed]
You will enjoy working in a diverse environment across multiple business systems and will enjoy developing in your role; and
Corporate private health insurance discounts
Stay up to date with the latest social media best practices and technologies
All employment decisions and selection processes within ASIO are based on merit principles and candidates must be prepared to undergo various selection stages. 
High level of understanding of the design principles of data visualisation
What does the role involve?
Data Warehouse / Datamart development experience
Support of a highly engaged, high-performing team.
We have incredible talent in carsales that you will learn from. 
Software design and implementation, document writing 
Must haves...
Participate in and/or lead the design and technical development of data science initiatives (data, models, algorithms advice etc.)
A supportive culture where we truly care for and respect each other.
- Exciting role in a tight nit team
Visualise data and create reports for a wide range of audiences.
Strong experience in SSAS, SSIS and SSRS;
Attach a copy of your current resume
The organization provide online price comparison across various domain areas with a strong focus on customer experienceAbout
the RoleThe Data Engineer will be responsible for maintaining data pipelines to produce and deliver high quality data assets for organisational consumption.
Required Experience and Knowledge:
Can you see yourself living here?
Immediate start possible
Permanent role reporting to a fun and friendly Head of Applications; and
Tertiary qualification in Computer Science or similar Technology field is highly regarded.
Employee Assistance Program
Today, we’re busy planning for tomorrow.
We look to the future to guide the way we innovate, helping us stay relevant and responsive in an always evolving industry.
Who are we?
Benefits of working with us:
Knowledge of Cloud environments is desirable, including Google, AWS, and Azure.
What you’ll do
You must provide all requested information, including Personal Data, to be considered for this career opportunity.
Failure to provide such information may influence the processing and outcome of your application.
You are responsible for ensuring that the information you submit is accurate and up-to-date.
Experience working with big data sets and file formats including Parquet, Spark, AzureML.
Experience with computational geometry algorithms and toolkits
An ease for applying (and teaching) AB testing frameworks, creating dashboards that allow end-users to easily follow the progress of their strategies.
The successful applicant will apply agile methods to their work enabling their data engineer and cyber security analyst peers to work together more efficiently and effectively.
As this role is with the Federal Government, only Australian citizens will be considered.
Preparing equity valuations using Black Scholes Merton, Monte Carlo simulations and binomial/lattice techniques
Positively promoting the department, division and company as a whole, in order to maximise brand leverage and develop the team’s profile
Visit uow.edu.au/about/jobs/ to view the full Position Description.
If you’re ready to take on this amazing opportunity and the idea of consulting and inspiring your customers whilst they weave their own story of home
gets you excited, then this opportunity is for you!
Develop, configure, and maintain solutions for Azure data factory, Azure Synapse.
Demonstrated ability showing excellent customer service skills and customer focus
So, Why Optus?
Using and maintaining information databases and other analytical tools to perform analysis, data extraction and manipulation for reporting tasks.

implementation experience of single customer view by aggregating data across multiple source systems 

Understand and agree end to end solutions in collaboration with stakeholders across Product and technical team. 
Manage, develop and maintain financial reporting solutions and    ensure that the firm's content management methodology follows best practice;
Australian Taxation Office
Located in the Brisbane / Gold Coast area only.
Let's talk about your qualifications and experience:  
A degree qualification in either Commerce, Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics
Flexible working hours
Process:
Identify and resolve gaps in reporting which will value-add to the business by capturing and analysing data not currently being measured
APS5 and APS6 Data Scientists
● 1+ years previous customer insights or market research experience, agency and/or in-house corporate research function ● Bachelors degree in Marketing, Business or analytical field preferred.
Working for an employer of choice in the energy sector means that you’ll also enjoy security and benefits above and beyond many other companies.
Of course, Synergy is also an equal opportunity employer, committed to developing an equitable and diverse workforce.
We always encourage Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders, and people of all diverse backgrounds to apply.
Bachelor Degree or higher degree in Science/Medical Laboratory Science or an equivalent qualification, with subjects relevant to pathology from a recognised tertiary institution
Experience developing, breeding, and maintaining mouse strains;
Key Responsibilities:
Personal Skills and Experience
Demonstrated customer service experience and skills, preferably in a laboratory environment, including the ability to communicate effectively with customers, patients and clinical staff
Access to coaching and mentoring
Analytical and problem-solving mindset with strong communication skills
The business has implemented the Azure stack so previous experience of Azure data tools is beneficial.
SQL Server experience is essential.
You will be responsible for developing and implementing the new Azure landscape, creating automated ETL processes and analyse source data/data models.
Be at the forefront of cloud-based, enterprise-scale data integration and analytics platform development.
What are the benefits
Help Identify data quality issues and contribute in addressing those issues with other parts of business and help process and data owners to understand and accept accountability for Data Quality.
Collect, maintain, analyse and present demographic data to provide information and support decision making
Demonstrated experience with coding languages such as Scala, Python, PowerShell, Ansible, Puppet, Bash and SQL
Design and optimize utility functions for different products and services of the business process.
All appointments are made subject to a satisfactory Police Record Check, an Immunisation status clearance (including evidence of COVID 19 vaccination) and (if applicable)
a Working with Children’s Check.
Work with staff to review data collection and data entry practices and procedures and identify opportunities for improvement
Strong attention to detail; an analytical mind and inclination for problem-solving
Full time
We connect people with their world safely – linking family and friends, generating economic activity, creating jobs, and facilitating trade and tourism.
Employment stability in one of Australia’s largest sectors
Sound work planning, time management and data analytical skills
As the Data engineers, you will be responsible for expanding and optimising the data pipeline architecture.
Support many people on various analytical initiatives and will ensure that data delivery is at its finest and is consistent throughout on-going projects.
Response to Key Selection Criteria
Strong SQL Skills for data curation, transformation, and processing.
Join us as a Junior Data Analyst to help our clients understand their customers and business through data insights.
Then use these insights to help develop strategies and solutions which create customers for life.
Use your analytical, critical thinking, and technical skills to analyse data to identify customer behaviours, help develop the customer journey, marketing automation, customer communication programs, and present actionable insights. 
Essential Qualifications, Skills and Experience
What do I need?  
This is an exciting and changing time at Bupa.
The role will suit an experienced senior analyst or senior data scientist with 5-7 years of experience who has good business acumen to work with stakeholders to identify and gain understanding of complex analytic questions.
Ideally you will have gained experience in the Health Insurance or Insurance industries.  
Key Skills and Experience required:
Ability to identify issues and areas for improvement through analysis
Ph.D. in
Computer Science/
Quantitative subject (statistics, math, engineering, physics).
Strong verbal, written skills are a must with an ability to communicate in both technical and business language, presenting findings/storytelling highly beneficial.
A minimum of 3 years previous experience as a Data Engineer with at least 2+ years of AWS hands on technical experience
Games area with Table tennis, Sofas, Xbox, chess
Site based experience or significant experience in collaborating with site-based stakeholder
You will evaluate new and emerging technologies to effectively test large volumes of data in our enterprise-wide data warehouse from which operational metrics and support analytics can be easily, accurately and reliably generated. 
Contact: Priyanka Shah -
(08) 9423 1405 -
(Job reference: 241506)
Strong problem-solving skills with a product-oriented mindset and ability to multi-task while effectively manage your work
Active social and vibrant team culture
Participate in cross-functional teams to identify and prioritize key areas of the business where AI solutions can drive significant business benefit
Enjoy additional leave days - ‘ME’ leave and ‘Volunteer Day’ leave;
Have the opportunity to travel interstate and internationally to client sites for infield experience
When you live the CBA values, we can offer great opportunities; whether you want to move across the organisation or up into a leadership role, the Code of Conduct guides our decision making so we can do what's right in every situation.  
If this sounds like you, apply now!
Communicating constantly with key stakeholders, team mates and other people throughout the company;
A high degree of digital literacy
Our worldwide scientific and medical collaborations provide a foundation for transformative healthcare programs across the globe.
Develop scalable and re-usable frameworks for processing sensitive data
We are looking for people who are:
3+ years experience in banking, other financial institution, or custodian experience 
Code contribution to a software development team including source control and repository management experience.
Support, where possible, our AWS big data infrastructure
Desirable criteria
Advertised: 25 Nov 2021 12:05 AM AUS Eastern Daylight Time
Supporting our Director Relationships, you will be involved with the following:
Build robust, efficient and reliable data pipelines consisting of diverse data sources to ingest and process data 
Additional Information
Due to the nature of our industry, all Sonder employees are required to complete a National Police Check and WWCC 
Together with our onsite precinct partners, Monash Health and Monash University, we deliver outstanding healthcare, education, and world-class research.
Working alongside clinicians ensures our research is relevant, forward-looking, and optimally positioned for development.
Strong and creative problem solving and documentation skills;
This will be a fixed-term contract until 30th June 2022
Demonstrated proficiency in ETL technologies.
Communication:
Previous experience working with data pipelines.
Basic SQL and ETL skills to perform effective database querying involving multiple data sets
In return, we offer rewarding careers, genuine opportunities to develop and grow, and a workplace culture that values and recognises effort and contribution.
We are seeking a strategic thinker with a strong analytical mind to help pull and analyse data, and extract deep insights using the approaches, systems and tools we are designing in-house and have licensed from third parties.
You will be able to leverage data to uncover insights and tell compelling stories.
Consistent drive to always improve the performance, automation and scalability of our products
Improve data quality through testing, tooling and continuously evaluating performance
Tech-Savvy – we don’t need you to have experience, but working with tech comes naturally to you, and you enjoy it
Experience in one or many of the following is a bonus: knowledge graphs, graph neural networks, network analysis, ontology modelling
Recruitment Agencies - thank you for thinking of us.  
We do endeavour to fill our opportunities through direct channels wherever possible, however, if we find that we do need agency assistance, we'll be in touch.
Demonstrated ability to plan, develop, analyses, implement, evaluate, and adapt strategic initiatives in a changing higher education and industry environment
Must have worked on various insurance products such as – Life/property/health/travel/auto/home insurances.
Strong attention to detail.
Career advancement opportunities across a range of disciplines: information management, conservation, preservation, digitisation, curatorship, philanthropy, communications, information technology, strategy, policy, governance, finance and procurement, human resources and more
Experience working in teams with an Agile Development way of working
Have a fluid communication on progress of projects to Team Leads, Managers and other stakeholders across the response.
Managing multiple client engagements and potentially leading several teams
Developing advanced analytical solutions utilising latest MSBI Azure cloud technologies
When you join our team, you’ll be able to take advantage of a range of benefits including flexible working arrangements, leadership and development programs and community programs.
Collaborate and work cross-functionally to define problem statements, collect data, build analytical models, and make recommendations
A minimum of ten years of relevant experience and at least four years of leadership experience
As Customer Insights Analyst, you’ll be a core member of the team and in this newly created position you will play a pivotal role in shaping how customer data is harnessed through all levels of the business.
The work itself is varied and interesting from supporting BAU analysis, refining and building new processes, engaging with cross-functional teams on projects and exploratory analysis to surface new action focused insights.
You will collaborate with teams all across the business including Data, Tech, BI, Marketing, Finance and Category Management. 
(Desirable) High level of proficiency with design and build of observable data ingestion pipelines including serialisation, transformation, enrichment, and store.
We are looking for a highly talented, passionate and innovative leader to join the Plasma Product Development organization at CSL Behring.    
The position is located within the R&D laboratories  located at CSL Behring, Broadmeadows and reporting to the Plasma Biotech R&D Site Head, Wuhan China.  
You will be responsible for advancing the research and manufacture of both CSL Behring’s licensed products and new biological molecules in development.
A working knowledge of, or demonstrated ability to learn, all aspects of the laboratory environment relevant to the Department
This position is responsible for data retrieval, orchestration, modelling, analysis and visualisation.
1 years’ experience in professional services or corporate experience
#THRIVE #ACHIEVE
#GROW
Engaging with key stakeholders and translating needs into the entire analytics project life-cycle including problem definition, methods, analysis and reporting.
We are an equal opportunity employer.
We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Submit an application: All applicants must supply a letter of interest addressing the selection criteria, a detailed curriculum vitae, and three referees via email by 31 December 2021
Technical fluency, able to understand and document technical requirements
Flexible working conditions following the easing of restrictions.
Modern software engineering practices, including automated testing, continuous delivery and structured logging.
Transparent performance framework - approach your work with confidence in how you are tracking, working to professional development plans agreed on by you and your manager
If you think you would fit in with the Painted Dog Research pack and have the drive and energy to succeed, we’d love to hear more about you, your experience and why you’d be a great fit!
Location – Our office is conveniently based in Toowong Village shopping centre - a city fringe location with access to retail, restaurants, various parking options and public transport.
Experience with data modelling tools such as Erwin
Experience in end-to-end modelling from initiation to production would be advantageous
Applicants must be Australian citizens and hold a current NV1 security clearance  Reference
#: 200205264
High growth business - ASX 100
Reporting to the Bellberry CEO you will: 
You will come with:
Emesent has built a reputation as the key leader in automating data collection in challenging environments.
Our award-winning technology, Hovermap, utilises innovative hardware, advanced algorithms and machine learning to automate collection and analysis of the physical world.
Customers are able to acquire data in GPS-denied environments gaining insights that were not possible before.
Our rapidly growing customer base are in the fields of mining, infrastructure and survey & mapping.
career development planning and support
What’s in this role for you? 
Strong knowledge of various ETL techniques and technologies;
To be considered for the position, you will have experience or have been exposed to the following:
We'd love to see your application, submitted by this date:
4th November 2021
About Australian Urban Research Infrastructure Network (AURIN)
AWS Skills.
Born in Australia more than 15 years ago, Menulog is now part of Just Eat Takeaway.com, a leading global online food delivery marketplace. 
With over 60 million active users across 24 countries, Just Eat
Takeaway.com is a global food tech company, connecting our customers from Amsterdam to Auckland with the food they love.
1.
MS Azure Stack 
Please note:
Experience with dashboard reporting tools e.g., Power BI or Tableau
Support a broad range of stakeholders responsible for delivering customer focused initiatives
Proficient in programming with SQL, Python, R or Java
Please click the ‘apply’ button listed within this advertisement.
Your application should include your detailed Curriculum Vitae (CV), cover letter and two work-related referees.
Reporting to the Head of Commercial & Customer
Insights - Lotteries, you will be responsible for providing insights through data science, machine learning and statistical analysis.
Your  primary focus is to perform advanced data analysis to better understand current business performance, support the Senior Data Scientist to build robust predictive models to estimate future business performance and communication of the results of these analyses to stakeholders across the Lotteries division. 
Familiarity of market data vendors such as Bloomberg and Reuters
Analyzing and presenting data to key stakeholders.
Excellent understanding of integrated marketing and digital landscape a plus
Bellberry Limited is an independent, national not for profit company that supports the Australian health research community through the provision of human research ethics committees (HRECs).
Our mission is to promote and improve the welfare of human research participants and the quality, efficiency, and effectiveness of research in Australia.
Our expert committees provide streamlined scientific and ethical reviews of human research projects across the country.
We return our profits to the medical research sector.
The successful Data Analysts will have experience in the following:
What you will need:
Showcase your passion and enthusiasm for driving marketing performance
From your first day, we expect you to:
Proven experience in documenting Data and Analytics Strategies
Interpret insights and summarise findings
Opportunity for professional growth and career development
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion 
You'll join a supportive team where you can broaden your experience in a fast-paced environment.
We offer a competitive remuneration package, flexible work environment, free product daily, company paid parental leave, income protection insurance through our default Super fund, discounted private health insurance, access to novated leasing and study assistance.
Find out more about our inclusion, diversity and access initiatives.
Acknowledgement of Country:
Hinchen Resources pay our respects to the Traditional Owners of country throughout Australia.
We pay our respects to Elder’s past and present and acknowledge the valuable contribution Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people make to Australian society.
If this role sounds like it could be you, send in your CV TODAY.
This well paid contract will not last long.
ASAP start.
Using a variety of internal tools to process and monitor various customer imports
Well-developed communication skills with the ability to coach and influence others
Demonstrated ability to provide technical analysis, interpret data, and use of relevant software applications
Salary: $60k - $110k including super depending on experience
Assist in the formulation of, and prepare documentation for, data governance and data quality assurance processes  
Our OLAs are motivated by student success and are passionate about the online platform.
They are responsible for facilitating the planned academic content and they are the first point of contact and support for our online students.
Big Data
Debug, monitor, optimise and troubleshoot database solutions.
Experience with AWS CI/CD Pipeline (CodeBuild, CodeDeploy), GitHub (or CodeCommit) and/or GitHub-Actions
Azure Database and Platform skills - Microsoft frameworks (Cloud-based analytics)
Amazon Redshift
Establish and conduct analytical tests of vaccine products and samples using bio-assays and immunoassays ( e.g. ELISA, protein, CCID50, SPR).
What we are looking for:  With fierce alignment to our values, you consider yourself to be a proactive, achievement-orientated and a determined individual with:
A team player with a hands-on approach
Experience in database architecture and data modelling
Curious about technology
Professional Development opportunities, training, and study assistance
Update and maintain data on SPI commitments and
Major Project Skills Guarantee requirements in a timely and accurate manner
Respond to Investment data queries
Azure Cloud technology experience working with Engineering, Storage and Analytics services
 What you will bring to this role:
Certification or demonstrated experience with the BABOK framework
Apply your creative thinking to solving complex problems using vast and diverse data sets!
Our office is located in the heart of Newstead near the Gasworks precinct, surrounded by great cafes, eating areas & micro breweries.
The  hiring manager can teach all systems but is looking for someone with a good understanding of, and interest in, data can be mentored
Seeing responsibilities and competencies laid out on paper can be confronting.
At this stage of the recruitment process, sometimes imposter syndrome can creep in and mess with our confidence.  
Please note that due to the high volume of applicants, only those selected for shortlisting will be contacted.
Experience in protein purification techniques and operation of Äkta Pure chromatography systems
Why join the TAC?
Jetstar offers flexible working arrangements – we see the importance of building relationships as a team – as well as identifying and working with the needs of the individual.
You are familiar with Continuous Integration (CI) with automated testing and deployment
The BI Developer will work with the Architecture and Software Product project teams to create and maintain operational and management reporting and analytics solutions that turn data into knowledge.  
In this role you should be an analytical thinker, excellent technical problem-solving skills and the ability to enhance our business intelligence system to help our customers make better decisions.
Autonomy and flexibility to succeed in a role where we respect one another and value our differences.
Experience with data analytics and reporting tools
Performing other relevant activities as requested from time to time to meet operational requirements.
Experience with multiple modelling techniques
How to apply: Please submit a cover letter and your resume.
Why Urbis?
Highly developed skills in establishing and managing business relationships including the ability to understand the business' strategic goals and translate these into credible outcomes for all stakeholders
Deep knowledge of machine learning algorithms, ensembling techniques and model performance tuning
As part of the recruitment process you will be required to complete Pre-Employment screening
Support the ongoing development and adherence of the BI Strategy, development lifecycle and quality standards by participating in peer review, user testing and deployment activities and uplifting analytics user capabilities through mentoring and support
Very strong SQL.
You may also have:
A valid Employee Working with Children Check is a requirement of employment for this position.
Experience using Python to perform complex data analysis
We care deeply about creating a workplace where our team members feel valued, respected and empowered.
We are committed to providing equal opportunity regardless of gender identity, ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation or life stage. 
We are proud to be recognised as a Gold Tier Employer in the Australian Workplace Equality Index for LGBTQ+ inclusion and as an Employer of Choice for Gender Equality by the Workplace Gender Equality Agency. 
Great team culture where staff produce excellent results
Previous client and stakeholder management experience  
We have fun - we celebrate our successes & don’t take ourselves too seriously 
responses to the selection criteria (up to 500 words per criteria)
Career development opportunities and 25% off graduate courses for staff and their immediate families
We are a private Australian founded company with a team of 80+ across Melbourne, Sydney, Los Angeles, and New York, working with about 150 brands in Australia, Asia and the USA.
·        Training, Mentoring and further learning opportunities
Advanced Microsoft Excel and data management skills
Validate data cross platform i.e. between Sonder and third party cloud based platforms.
Flexible working options available
Ensure we are capturing technical documentation with the preparation of required materials
If you enjoy travelling then opportunities to travel globally
Being a subject matter expert that delivers on the Marketing Performance roadmap.
Fortnightly payment schedule
To perform a wide range of techniques including western blot, cell, and molecular biology assays.
Curious about our culture?
Go behind the scenes with our people by searching #OptusLife on LinkedIn.
If you’re looking for the opportunity to step up into a leadership position and are excited by the thought of getting your hands dirty with the latest tech-stacks/methodologies, then look no further... 
They are proficient in Spark, Python, Big Data engineering, Data Lakes, Streaming data processing pipelines, Workflow engines and building APIs.
About Australian Dental Association NSW Branch
Flexible hours
Identify and integrate new data sets that are of value to the fund
Experience with AWS technologies, particularly Lambda, EC2, S3.
SAS and Programming Skills
Focus on commercialising analytics through increased brand & product performance and operational efficiencies
Qualifications in data analytics or a STEM related field and experience using R.
Knowledge of utilising hyper-scaling platforms (PaaS, SaaS, etc.)
Exceptional communication skills.  
You must be able to engage with Senior Management to gather and understand business requirements with the ability to turn this information into technical solutions.
Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or similar industry experience
Diverse career paths across our vertically integrated business
Changing communities for the better starts with you
Addressing any requirement questions or issues that arise during the delivery process;
We want to hear from people who have:

Provide effective planning of data sources required to develop BI data models in collaboration with planning, reporting, and engineering teams.   

Essential criteria
Working in close partnership with analytics managers to size analytical opportunities and execute plans that ensure a positive commercial return
generous matching of superannuation contributions up to a combined total of 15%;
Advanced knowledge of Pathology Laboratory Information Systems including supervision of e-based Quality Management Systems
At TasNetworks, we own, operate and maintain the electricity transmission and distribution network in Tasmania.
We deliver a safe, efficient and reliable electricity supply to more than 285,000 residential, commercial and industrial customers.
We are Powering a bright future, it's in our DNA;
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet business requirements (spatial data, financial data performance & primary survey data)
Desire to learn about and work in the area of violence against women and children across the Asia-Pacific region
Efficiently managing structured data, unstructured data and meta data
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyse and display large amounts of data
Experience work with Data Lake 50%
Discover, validate, and interrogate new data sources to ensure accuracy and effective controls
Extensive knowledge of Python, Jupyter, Data Science, Artificial Intelligence
Analyst - $120,000 - $140,000
About SEEKSEEK’s portfolio of diverse businesses make a positive impact on a truly global scale.
Our unified purpose helps people live more fulfilling and productive working lives and helps organisations succeed. 
We create world-class technology solutions to connect more people to relevant employment, education, small business and volunteer opportunities.  
We have a culture of high-performance in our workplaces and celebrate the diversity of our employees who contribute to the success of our organisation.  
Our Culture At SEEK we really value our culture and the way we work together to get stuff done. 
You will work amongst a group of hard-working, fun and caring people who will support you to have a successful and fulfilling career at SEEK. 
Our dedication to fostering a work environment where people feel like they're making a difference
every single day has helped us maintain a consistently high ranking in the annual Hewitt Best Employer Award.
In other words, people like to come here – and we're proud of that! 
To apply online please click the 'Apply' button below.
We will  provide adjustments for candidates with disabilities.
If you need  assistance or adjustments to fully participate in the  application/interview process, please contact Scott Baker on (02)
9330  
8578 or scott.baker@nortonrosefulbright.com.
Our people are at the heart of everything we do, and will go above and beyond for our customers "To be the trusted place where Australians start their shopping journey".
As part of the Altis team, you’ll be part of a dynamic workplace in which diversity, camaraderie and professional excellence are celebrated. 
We will support your needs by giving you the tools to do your best work and then recognise achievements.
We will set your curiosity free to allow brilliant minds to do their best work and we will invest in new ideas, removing barriers where we can.
Finally, we like to have fun as a team, encourage knowledge sharing and continuous learning and take pride in delivering the best possible outcomes for our clients.
Vaxxas is a fast-growing, scale-up stage biotech company developing a novel vaccine delivery system that safely and cost-effectively amplifies vaccine efficacy.
It is an advanced platform that vaccinates by applying a solid Micro Array Patch (MAP) consisting of an array of thousands of micro-projections that perforate the outer layers of the skin when applied with an applicator.
The tips of the micro-projections are coated with a vaccine that is released directly to the large numbers of key immune cells immediately below the skin surface. 
Apply Now with your CV or call Lydia Masterson on 02 9257 0357  for more information.
Highly developed attention to detail, analytical and conceptual    skills, strong financial acumen, with the ability to develop    creative solutions to complex problems;
Dimensional modelling
Power BI Developers
High attention to detail and accuracy
Wellbeing and mental health sessions
POSITION SUMMARY:
Cloud database technologies, such as Redshift and Snowflake
Proficient in DevOps principles, tools and methods and using CI/CD processes for managing releases of ETL
Administration and maintenance of Dynamics RMS systems
A multitasker who can drive multiple projects and project streams at one time
Extract and provide data, reports and information and use Business Intelligence reporting tools, standard reports and other software packages to produce data and reports.
About Us
Knowledge of cloud-based application architecture
Manage and review Hadoop log files.
Experienced communicator to cross functional stakeholders
Be able to prioritise and manage time efficiently and effectively against multiple competing priorities and timelines
Centralised in Brisbane, we offer moving assistance to help you relocate and join our collaborative workplace.
Applicants must be an Australian Citizen, Permanent Resident or hold a valid work permit or visa.
Work eligibility will be checked as part of the recruitment process.
Good foundation on Microsoft Azure platform and PaaS services.
Be quick to apply as applications will be reviewed as they are submitted, and the advert may close before the listed closing date.
Requirements gathering – managing multiple stakeholders and eliciting requirements through meetings and workshops;

Good understanding on iPython and Bigdata and Hands on SQL

Excellent communication and teamwork skills.
Knowledge of Python scripting is preferred
Australian Citizens
Position Summary:
Analysing competitive market strategies by examining the trends, markets, and products they have in common
Data modelling and design, including SQL development and database administration, management and warehousing,
demonstrated ability to work independently and prioritise work loads
Talent Pool

If the selection panel identifies more than one suitable candidate for the role, an eligibility list will be created for future permanent part time, temporary and casual vacancies.
API consumption and development
For permanent positions in the NSW Public Sector, you need to be an Australian Citizen or Permanent Resident.
For most Temporary jobs, you need a visa that gives you permission to work in Australia.  
Senior ETL Engineer - Production support, Teradata
Susquehanna International Group, LLP (SIG) is a global quantitative trading firm founded with an entrepreneurial mindset and a rigorous analytical approach to decision making.
We are leaders and innovators in high performance, low latency trading.
Our traders, quants, developers, and systems engineers work side by side to develop and implement our trading strategies.
Our Asia Pacific Headquarters is based in Sydney, where we have a team of over 130.
Our Culture
Establish and maintain automation procedures with a large range of internal and external data sources
Relevant qualifications in IT, Business, Engineering, Commerce or related discipline
Bachelor’s degree in maths, statistics, computer science, information management, finance or economics
Work as part of a multi-disciplinary agile team to deliver high quality business value driven user stories with well-defined acceptance criteria 
The opportunity to work within an energetic, highly skilled team
Solid understanding of fundamental SQL scripting and Data Warehouse technologies.
General reporting and analysis across the business.
Margin analysis and other ad hoc finance-related tasks.
Benefits through our various sports and arts sponsorship partners such as free and discounted tickets.
Knowledge of CICD and VC – Git, Bamboo CI/CD, Terraform, Ansible, Code build & Cloud formation
Who we’re looking for:
Your responsibilities in this role will include;
Duties include:
Responsibilities include:
Applications close on the 7th of December
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion.
We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.
Produce high quality, thoroughly tested data solutions with a keen eye for detail 
Assist the Senior System Consultant in the development and    delivery of financial solutions;
·        Discounts with over 400 companies Australia wide (Technology, Retail, Home, Fashion and more!)
Overview of Position:
Your Experience:
Summary of Duties
Your Profile
Develop the models, processes and capabilities that result in the effective piloting, productionisation and integration of analytical solutions into business processes
The Innovation Lead is responsible for driving programs that build the capability of the team in the area of process development, digital transformation and advanced manufacturing.  
Specific areas of focus will be new product development, increasing process efficiency and understanding through advanced wet lab work, automation, data management, data analytics, process modelling and machine learning.
Our people are the heart of business and are led by our four key values; Safe, Courageous, Trusting and Collaborative.
By supporting their ability to work effectively and providing them with the tools they need to succeed, we are ensuring that we are the kind of company where talented people of all backgrounds want to work.
Across our organisation, we're creating a workplace where collaboration is important, courage is rewarded, trust is expected, and a strong safety mindset is the norm.
five weeks annual leave;
Perpetual is one of Australia’s leading financial institutions and blue-chip brands.
We’ve been earning the trust from our clients for 130 plus years, some over four generations. 
We are looking for a dynamic Senior Data Engineer to focus on designing and advocating automation andmonitoring at all steps of our analytics and tool construction, from integration, testing, releasing to deploymentand infrastructure management - with a particular focus on cloud computing.
You will interact closely with other systems and network engineers, traders and developers across the office and support and troubleshoot their queries.
Support leadership team with timely and accurate data to analyse and represent the current operational performance.
MLC Life Insurance.
We have been protecting Australians for over 130 years.
We respect the role we play in providing peace of mind for our customers, and we never lose sight of it.
Data and application integrations
Assess the associated Report metadata for gaps
5+ years hands on experience in building secure AWS cloud environments
Virgin Australia Group is a major Australian airline group that operates domestic and international passenger services, charter and cargo services, and the award-winning loyalty program Velocity Frequent Flyer.
The Group has been a competitor in the Australian aviation landscape for more than 20 years.
Work in a complex economic regulated commercial organisation where you will undertake options analysis, scenario modelling exercises and prepare business cases to support regulatory decision making.
Provision of financial advice and support to Business Managers, particularly in the preparation of detailed forecasts where trends are analysed, business drivers understood to pre-empt potential issues and advise accordingly.
Supportive and growing team
Applications must address the selection criteria above and include a current CV and cover letter.
Create effective data models in Power Bi that allow visualisations to perform efficiently
Enhancing and maintaining data management processes that support Workflow processes. 
Solid proficiency in Python.
Highly advantageous: SQL, xnix, stash, bitbucket code management.
Drive insight-led analytics relating to the evaluation of ALDI product and strategy performance
Permanent Position – Government Agency
Experience into Telecom domain
Advise other marketing functions (e-commerce/website, online/offline advertising, brand, product development) as the knowledge owner for customer and market data.
Showcasing new pipelines and data models to end users
Free parking on all sites (Liverpool, Dee Why)
Confidence and strong communication skills with business stakeholders.
This would extend beyond working with data peers to explaining models and advanced concepts to senior executives and workshopping ideas in cross-functional teams.
For further information about the position contact careers@hypetap.com
Exclusive employee discounts (banking, accommodation, cars, retail and more).
Wagga Wagga is a vibrant regional centre on the banks of the Murrumbidgee River in the heart of the Riverina.
With four distinct seasons, there’s always something new to explore.
Discover the delicious food and wine scene, wonderful galleries, tranquil riverbank walks, gorgeous gardens and parks, and fascinating heritage
experience with data quality measurement and monitoring
Assist with monitoring the performance of the Program.
Accountability – make the decision and own it.
Do what you say.
We take our people's careers seriously, helping them to learn and grow.
DiversityWe acknowledge the importance of our people’s diverse experiences, talents and cultures.
Embracing diversity and creating inclusion is a key component of our talent strategy.
The creation of a diverse, inclusive workforce is central to our ability to unlock potential and enhance our success.
Sonder is a data-driven, human-first wellbeing company; helping organisations re-imagine their people’s health, wellness and safety.
The heart of the solution is a technology-driven platform supported by medical and mental health experts - available every minute of every day.
Their mission is to achieve the right outcome for a broad range of wellbeing and safety issues, from mild to severe.
Aggregated data also provides organisations insights to reduce people-related risks and drive decision making, supporting leaders to confidently create a brighter future for their people and their organisation. 
Experience leading a team of engineers
Tertiary qualified in either Finance, Engineering or Technology related disciplines desired;
The RBA pursues national economic policy objectives and undertakes a range of associated activities in financial markets and banking.
It also issues Australia's banknotes and operates infrastructure critical to the payments system, all of which contributes to the welfare of the Australian people.
A newly created role building dashboards to inform work priorities, executive decision making and industry engagement being accessed by both government and industry in Australia and overseas.
Strong planning and time management skills, with the ability to self-prioritise to manage multiple tasks at once.
Develop and/or investigate new methods for analysis of different vaccines. 
Demonstrated knowledge of MLops concepts and the use of cloud computing resources
Aptitude and passion for expanding your expertise as needed by a role and demonstrated self-commitment to maintaining your knowledge of emerging technologies, standards, and frameworks.
We’re sorry
– we can’t sponsor you, so make sure you have full working rights for Australia
You will be passionate about achieving agreed outputs and complete work in a timely manner through being adaptable, resilient and having a high level of initiative.
Experience with Alteryx, Tableau & Google Analytics/Data Studio will be beneficial
Ability to communicate effectively across all levels of the organisation;
Build high quality technical capabilities by working closely with our technology partners
We understand that flexibility means different things to different people.
We're proud to offer a variety of options to work in different ways, such as our Blended Ways of Working, job share and part-time.
Our Blended Ways of Working lets our people work across home and our offices.
Please talk to us about how we can make this role work for you!
Ability to take on accountability for highly complex pieces of work and engage in creative thinking and decision making
Establish credible relationships with business stakeholders
A Prysmian Rewards Program (designed to save you money on the day to day) exclusive to our Team
Demonstrated experience in the leadership, supervision, training, mentoring and performance management of staff.
Along with excellent time management and organisational skills with the ability to balance multiple priorities to achieve deadlines and required outcomes
An award-winning employee recognition programme
Excellent analytical, written, and verbal communication skills
If you love:
Experience in data profiling, source-target mappings, ETL development, SQL optimisation, testing and implementation
Strong communication skills (listening, explaining complex concepts to various stakeholders)
Experience ensuring observability at every stage of the process to ensure monitoring, alerting and traceability/auditability are a continual part of the development DNA.
If you are looking to grow with our business by combining your energy and enthusiasm with Blackbook's solutions, please send us your details.
Compliance with the Vaxxas Quality Management System.
Experience participating in the delivery of reporting, data driven or analytics projects and the development of reporting tools and analytics
Ability in assay design, data analysis, and statistical analyses;
Previous experience in a Diagnostic Clinical Biochemistry Laboratory
Supervise and conduct proof-of-concept in vivo studies to generate data packages to support the development of selected drug candidates;
Ability to work across a range of work tasks, managing multiple tasks to deadlines and prioritising your own workload. 
Skilled and experience within statistical data analysis and extrapolating data to develop theories which aim to explain these phenomena
Advanced NumPy/SciPy
A passion to lead and mentor other staff members
Tertiary qualification in Maths, Science, Engineering or similar numerate discipline.
Experienced in a recent Data Engineer role
Excellent communication skills and ability to work with a wide range of stakeholders
Other attributes that will help you succeed
Build organisational capability by identifying areas for opportunities and partnering with others to implement constructive change
About the opportunity  As a Data Scientist at the Sydney Informatics Hub (SIH), you will support translational data science across all faculties of the university through a professional consulting service model of project delivery.
You will apply, advise in the use of, develop and implement data science algorithms and statistical methods, software tools and data systems to support research opportunities across research areas.  
You will be joining a team with broad and specialised skills.
You may strengthen and/or complement the team in any of the following areas: data analytics and insights, UI/UX design, geospatial analysis, and/or Natural Language Processing (NLP).  
Your key responsibilities will be to:
Uses current technical practices such as writing clean, testable code and pair programming
Significant experience in implementing/deploying in Azure/AWS/GCP
Additional personal leave p/a  
Aligning systems to SEEKs overall technology strategy.
Strong SQL Background, with capability to understand and write SQL with a performance mindset 
Closing Date
Strong technical ability to manage, manipulate and automate production of complex data sets in a true big data environment, leveraging skills in Hadoop, Spark, Scala, R, Python and SQL.
proven analytical skills and experience with analytics methodologies and tools
Applied mathematical/statistical/machine learning model development skills demonstrated in a commercial environment;
Click APPLY or contact Erin Mitchell, Consultant -Talent Acquisition on (02)
6230 7666 or erin@fprs.com.au for a confidential discussion.
Contributing to platform health, ensuring that our systems are secure, reliable, resilient and cost-effective
The City offers a range of employment benefits including:
Create and maintain required documentation
The role will see you join a group of super talented Data Engineers, Scientists and BI Analysts.
You'll use your previous experience in Data Warehousing to develop new and effective ways to store and access organisational data.
This means having worked across the design, build and testing of data architectures and the tools that enable effective access and interpretation of data across Catch.com.au
Managing analytical projects and coordinating activities with other shared services partners by prioritising relevant activities and providing subject matter expertise
Essential Criteria
Deploying pipelines through DevOps Process
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Experience in designing and deploying cloud solution architecture in GCP or AWS
Must have some software experience to ensure understanding of how software interacts with the database.
If you would like a confidential discussion please text Anna-Maria on 0426 503 822
and you will be contacted in 24 hours.
A dynamic and energetic working environment
Ensuring data is accessible and can be meaningfully collated into a database or warehouse for analysis, representation a Power BI dashboard and shared with decision makers for analysis is essential.
Experience Required Includes:
Proven competencies in clearly defining and documenting technical requirements & specifications pertaining to data
Experience using SAP platforms would be beneficial but not essential
1. 1-2 years’ reporting & analytics experience
Our consultants are natural problem solvers - they are curious, ambitious, and experts in their fields.  
You will have the opportunity to collaborate and learn from them.
You will be working on exciting and interesting projects, working with our clients to understand their needs and to help shape the engagements that allow Servian to provide services that will meet those needs. 
Location:
Blacktown Surrounds
3+ years experience in ETL Developer, Data Operations, or similar role
Well versed in statistical modelling, data science and machine learning methods, including application of classification, regression, clustering, dimensionality reduction.
Be able to understand and adhere to study protocols and operation manuals
Mining/Resources experience highly desirable
Why Us?
Join a global team of dedicated industry specialists
Data Engineers design, develop and maintain software architectures to collect and analyse large data sets.
This includes installing, testing and configuring scalable databases and data processing systems and creating software components to collect, parse, manage, analyse and visualise data. 
corporate employee discounts from various retailers
Need more information?
  
1) Click here for the Position Description
  2) Find out more about applying for this position

For role related queries or questions contact Bobby Dimitrijovski on Bobby.Dimitrijovski@health.nsw.gov.au
Knowledge of Python
Have awareness of clean, transform, and analyze vast amounts of raw data from various systems using Spark to provide ready-to-use data to our feature developers and business analysts.
For any clarification, please feel free to contact Ashok  at 0422 845 883 or ashok@sapcommerce.com 
CANBERRA 
As part of our Business Intelligence team you will contribute to developing, building and maintaining a data analytic infrastructure that enables operational business efficiencies, in this full-time role based in Mile End.
Ensuring integrity, maintainability, reliability and fault tolerance of systems and processes
Build high-performance algorithms, predictive models, and prototypes.
Sidekicker is dedicated to ensuring every worker finds the right job, and every job finds the right worker.
We employ over 10,000 casual staff, or ‘Sidekicks’, seamlessly connecting them with businesses across the healthcare, hospitality, events, industrial and promotions industries.
A bit about us
Manage prioritization of support requests and incidents
Will ensure you have clear goals and direction and feel highly engaged in playing your role to execute a strong, well-defined and communicated business strategy underpinned by IT, digital and data;
Key Skills 
Demonstrated capability in data acquisition, storage and management20%
Our researchers push the boundaries of scientific knowledge in five areas of human health
Strong personal, business, and scientific ethics
Have a genuine desire and passion to join a fast-scaling technology venture with global ambitions
Previous experience preparing data for Data Science and Machine Learning
Key Skills and Experience
Testing ETL processes under different input scenarios and performance testing.
Hands-on experience with Spark
Ability to negotiate with, influence and build consensus with a range of stakeholders
The Insights Analyst will be engaged in all facets of Loan Market Group corporate reporting activities and will play an integral role in the report development in collaboration with Reporting & Analytics team members, to deliver meaningful and actionable insights for the group.
Demonstrable experience with a programming language, preferably Python.
Your core focus areas over the next 6-12 months will be:
Our Benefits
Extensive experience in pattern recognition and predictive modelling.
Professional Development Opportunities, including training, memberships and study assistance.
Build a centralized data quality defect tracker and maintain the tool and its content
What You’ll Need to Succeed 
Carves the time out to focus on wellbeing to drive high performance
2-year fixed term, full-time role based in Melbourne CBD with flexibility to work remotely
LinkedIn - Olympus Australia and New Zealand
Experience in software development
Loan Market Group is one of the largest and fastest-growing retail mortgage brokerages in Australasia.
Proudly family-owned and led, it was founded in 1994 by Sam White and is part of the White Family Group of companies comprising Loan Market, PLAN Australia, Choice Aggregation Services, FAST, Wealth Market,
Home Now and Ray White.
There are nearly 7,000 brokers that makeup Loan Market Group in Australia, New Zealand and Indonesia who collectively settled over $9.7 billion in its first combined month of operation (March 2021).
Applications close 11:00pm on Friday 3rd December 2021.  
Click the link to apply, and join us in making a difference to Victorian lives.
Only people with the right to work in Australia may apply for this position.
You may be required to undergo a National Police Check (and/or Medical Assessment) as part of the recruitment process.
Demonstrated experience in working with project teams to ensure knowledge transfer and the sustainability of project documentation for support and maintenance purposes
Proven experience working with big data in AWS, GCP or Azure
Self-awareness and proactive on continuous improvement and continual learning
Providing insightful commentary on Telehealth activities to be delivered to external partners and to highlight priority areas for business to address.
www.QualityPeople.com.au
If you are looking for a supportive and inclusive workplace that will provide opportunities to develop yourself and grow your career whilst working flexibly, then this is the role for you!
Join one of Australia's Best Places To Work in this Graduate role within the Supply Chain team.
This Graduate Analyst role will play a crucial role in the execution of Stryker South Pacific’s Supply Chain strategy.
You will partner with key stakeholders across the business to deliver exceptional service to customers and maintain cost control.
Why join Perpetual?
Our consultants have a passion for solving complex problems.
They are curious, ambitious and experts in their fields.
We have developed a first-rate team so you will be supported and learn from the best.
A genuine desire to learn, problem solve and offer up great solutions
Manage routine and ad hoc data reporting (e.g., monthly/quarterly program statistics, BAS Statements).
Experience with Cloud environments
For more information about the role, please refer to the position description.
Building monitoring dashboards to enable early detection of emerging issues and to provide visibility on business performance;
This is an exciting opportunity for an energetic professional that has a passion for data and technology with a proactive approach and flare for automation and providing data insights. 
An individual who embraces collaboration and can build engaging relationships with stakeholders will fit perfectly into the team.  
Use data visualisation tools to handle large volumes of data and produce reporting
Money3 Corporation Ltd is a public financial services company, listed on the Australian Stock exchange ASX (MNY), specialising in the provision of automotive finance for new and used vehicles of all shapes and sizes as well as personal loans for a variety of needs.
Money3 operates in Australia and trades as Go Car Finance Ltd in New Zealand, with over 20 years of lending experience the group has advanced over $1bn in loans to over 500,000 customers in both countries. 
Some of our Perks:
Understanding of financial instruments including equities and derivatives as well as the impact(s) of corporate actions
Job
No.: 626052
You have developed real-world ML applications and have a strong interest in finance and trading.
Novated Car Leasing Opportunities
Experience in building fully automated end to end data pipelines using on-premise or cloud based data platforms
Knowledge of the Cabrini Health Missions and Values
Prevent problems by understanding new and existing applications across the organisation, system capabilities and limitations.
Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities
Educational/Vocational/Registration:
Demonstrated experience in specimen preparation, screening, attending adequacy testing and involvement in quality control related activities and willingness to be training and participate in a Cytopathology/Histopathology rotational roster to support Anatomical Pathology operations
Design, Build and Support the Enterprise Data Platform
Email: anthony@bentleyrecruitment.com.au 
Australian Citizenship required
At CrowdStrike we stop breaches and our core values are people, customers and innovation.
We are an industry leader in cyber security with an amazing offering of services and one of the biggest Cassandra Clusters on the planet.
Founded in 2012, we have grown at an incredible pace, as we like to go fast and continue to get better.
We have a great culture and we are doing amazing things, so from a technical perspective you will have amazing opportunities to learn new technologies and grow with us.
The Reserve Bank of Australia is an equal opportunity employer.  
We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace and encourage applications from experienced candidates seeking workplace flexibility.
wellbeing benefits e.g. vaccinations, health insurance discounts, mental wellness training professional memberships
Proven experience in Supply Chain, Operations, Customer Supply or Logistics function
Previous ecommerce or FMCG would be an advantage 
We acknowledge the different skills, experiences and perspectives that people from diverse
Previous Finance and/or Telstra/telco experience is a plus
We use research, tech and analytics to look for insights that help our clients succeed.  
We pride ourselves on our innovative, entrepreneurial and collaborative culture.  
We constantly challenge ourselves to stay at the forefront of what we do and build both our research and analytical capabilities.  
Advanced time series modellingShapelets or motif discoveryHDP-HMMFingerprinting/LSH
CSL is hiring a Research Scientist in the In vivo Pharmacology Group at our Melbourne-based research operation.
The In vivo Pharmacology Group is responsible for evaluating and understanding the mechanism of action of protein-based therapeutics in animal models of disease.
What's next
Actively participate in discussions and review of existing and future Research projects
Experience working in an Agile environment using tools such as Jira and Confluence
- Deploy and debug cloud initiatives as needed in accordance with best practices throughout the development lifecycle
Development of end-to-end data pipelines in GCP, Azure, AWS, or Snowflake environments
Ability to meet deadlines
Responsible for identifying, supporting and developing improvement initiatives across operational business units from concept through to deployment.
Strong Business Analysis experience with experience in data analytics
Job reference number: TMPRIJ202165400
Excellent written and verbal skills with the ability to communicate complex thoughts and ideas clearly
About Virgin Australia Group
support cross functional data challenges, facilitating and documenting findings that require prioritisation and governance support
Ongoing Career Development and Training.
Commercial acumen with Willingness and drive to continuously lead long-term improvements
Experience in Oracle Fusion Middleware components such as Oracle WebLogic Server, Oracle WebServices Manager
Culture & BenefitsThis organisation is a top player in the Australian retail industry.
Employing thousands within the retail sector they have a focus on work/life balance and providing opportunities to grow.
This is a fantastic opportunity to join a global brand name whilst reporting into a collaborative and supportive leader.
Experience with dimensional data modelling
Commercial nous to identify opportunities to leverage data for business growth
 AWS Redshift, Netezza, DB2, Oracle, Teradata, Snowflake and Big Data 
ABOUT US
Contribute to the analysis, design, and execution of large-scale data and analytics solutions for clients
Our ValuesAt HBF, we live our values every day.
They shape our behaviours and how we relate to each other, our members and our community:
 Experience in QMS, LIMS, GLP, ISO 17025
Responsible for promoting scientific approach to data science, including use case selection, information sourcing, data encoding, model selection, parameter tuning, continuous improvement and implementation
Curiosity – questions are falling out of your mouth, you always want to know how and why
Experienced with Agile ways of working (knowledge of JIRA is a plus)
Responsible for co-designing an end to end experience analysis process which will result in increased automation and improved efficiencies
Data custodian responsible for the sourcing, and preparation of quality and trusted data for the use of the extended team.
The purpose of the BI Data Analyst position is providing the right data, at the right time, to the right people, to enable informed decision making within Powerlink. 
Optimise and update logical and physical data models to support new and existing projects
Wellbeing initiatives: virtual yoga and meditation classes
 Your interest will be treated in the strictest of confidence.
Demonstrated experience in data modelling, design and querying languages including SQL or similar.
Designing, building, and maintaining the cloud infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources
Strong coding skills, in particular back-end Python programming
The Location
Knowledgeable in Big Data tools like Spark (python/scala), Hive, Impala, Hue and storage (e.g. HDFS, HBase)
Eligibility
Solid understanding of full data lifecycle, design, development, enhancement, maintenance, and improvement of ETL/ELT processes
Understanding of testing methodology and processes with experience in waterfall/agile methodologies.
Own an AI/ML component of a major SEEK service that directly touches thousands of hirers and millions of job seekers
Full working rights required.
VACATION STUDENT OPPORTUNITY – DATA SCIENTIST
Technical proficiency and experience working with queues & event streams;
Experience Reuired for this role:
Working with data delivery teams to setup new Hadoop users.
This job includes setting up Linux users, setting up Kerberos principals and testing HDFS, Hive, Pig and MapReduce access for the new users.
Experience with DevOps and integration with data warehouse development and release process is a plus.
Tertiary qualified in mathematics, informatics, economics, statistics, health, analytics or a similar related discipline.
You can also demonstrate experience working within a mid-large corporate environment. 
You’ve got a degree in IT, preferably Data focussed
To support the delivery of the North East Link Central Package we are seeking applications for a dynamic and motivated Data and Reporting Analyst.
This role will work with several stakeholders to provide support on data sources and data interpretations whilst providing critical information flow to support business analytics and decision-making ability.
Additionally, the role will enhance clarity, integrity, and overall performance of social procurement as a function by underpinning key measurables with data, enabling project to meet targets
As a member of the cyber analytics data platform team, you will work proactively to enhance and configure highly scalable, resilient, and observable data analysis platforms considering mission areas requirements and analytic maturity.
You will ensure delivered capabilities meet mission area requirements and industry best-practices for automating build deployment and change management using DevOps and CI/CD patterns.
A thorough knowledge of database systems
#comeworkwithus
ability to explore, develop and apply innovation and emerging technologies to improve efficiency and effectiveness
Data science / machine learning experience
Strong SSIS/ETL development experience, previous SSIS to Azure migration experience highly desirable
We are a proud Circle Back Initiative Employer which means we are committed to responding to every job applicant.
Previous experience in health, health insurance, general insurance, or finance sectors will be highly regarded.
Recent graduates with high potential will also be considered.
Preparation of all set reporting on a regular basis and ad hoc reporting as required
Produce regular team reporting products and proactively look for opportunities to adjust or improve these where possible.
Uses data to drive decision making
references (this can be included in their résumé)
VCS Foundation Ltd, trading as the Australian Centre for the Prevention of Cervical Cancer (ACPCC), is a not-for-profit organisation drawing on over 50 years of expertise in cancer prevention through pathology services, cancer screening and vaccination registries.
ACPCC has helped halve the rate of Cervical Cancer in Victoria, when compared to the rest of Australia and is aligned with the World Health Organization's Call to Action to eliminate cervical cancer for all women.
Diverse and Inclusive workforce
Ability to handle large amounts of inputs and data with an analytical mindset
Experience in designing and deploying Azure cloud solution architecture
Our recruitment process requires all candidates who progress to the pre-employment stage to have a current police clearance that’s been issued within the past six months. 
Advanced Analytics and Process Automation (Predictive Analytics, Machine Learning, Cognitive Services
, RPA) experience is preferred
RSL Queensland values all voices – have an influence, be the difference!
Competitive salary package with flexible working arrangements
Translate and build the required solution including infrastructure for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data utilizing ‘big data’ technologies
Modelling business impacts such as changes to consumer preference or competitor movements
Good time management skills
Constructing a bridge over the Maribyrnong River providing an alternative to the West Gate Bridge;
Four weeks paid secondary caregivers leave. 
Experience in using source code repositories (GitHub, GitLab) in a team setting, including branching, merging, code reviews, etc.
Ongoing training and support provided 
Governance & Culture:


Responsible for supporting the establishment and operation of the Data Science governance framework, including committees, policies, procedures, decision matrices, reporting and risk management

Responsible for contributing to a high performing team, coaching junior staff and interns, delivering data science capabilities, nurturing team experimentation, partnerships, academic engagement and cross-function/border collaboration


Compassion - Integrity - Courage - Respect
No hidden costs or payroll deductions for our services
Generous employee discounts at our holiday parks throughout NSW
Improving the technical documentation for our users
Please submit an online application ONLY and include the following documents:
JLL is seeking an energetic and motivated Analyst to provide support working within JLL’s Research team based primarily in our Sydney CBD office with some of the working week in our Paramatta office!
You’ll be responsible for providing high level analysis and support the team in a busy role which works closely with internal and external clients.
Flexible work
- we have the technology and tools to support you to work from that tropical paradise you've dreamed of...
or even if you just prefer to work from home and come into our offices now and then to catch up and socialise with colleagues
AMP recognises individual differences and welcomes people from a variety of life and work experiences.
The diversity of our people is core to our ability to innovate, grow and to fulfil our collective aspiration of helping people to own their tomorrow.
A natural curiosity, a respect for differences and a growth mindset are valued at AMP.
Lead and support blended teams of colleagues, client, and partner resources to help share knowledge and develop an integrated delivery ethic.
There is an optional on-call component to this role that comes with an allowance and TOIL for call-outs.
Along with the incredible career- growth opportunity of being part of this brand-new team, we can offer you
Good understanding and comfort with financial statements
To start small and impact bigger.
6-month contract (likely to extend)
Huon Aquaculture Group Ltd. produces around 20,000 tonnes of fresh Atlantic salmon and ocean trout annually and is recognised globally as being a premium producer of fresh and smoked salmon products.
For more information, visit www.huonaqua.com.au
Drive efficiency in data consumption and transformation processes
Whether you’ve been studying for a role in the technology industry or not, we have exciting opportunities available for you.
We have multiple start dates all year round, so why not make an application today?
Design, build and manage efficient and reliable data pipelines to move data across several platforms.
A highly collaborative style of working
The Data Engineer will be required to work on data pipeline and other data related activities for their allocated program and contribute to design and architecture deliverables.
Generating insights from data using descriptive analytics, identifying trends and patterns and while collaborating with other team members with the varied skill set
Strengthening Scentre Group’s growing Data Science capability, you will be supporting and strengthening our strategic insights and analytics team by processing, analysing and driving insights and value from various data sets to help support our business team’s decision-making processes.
Extensive knowledge of data analytics approaches and methodologies as well as technical challenges associated with data analytics.
Assists with the implementation of new automation tools and becoming a subject matter expert to drive increased and easily quantifiable benefits.
AWS certifications are highly desirable
Work closely to understand business requirements and translate these requirements into technical specifications and business solutions. 
Strong interpersonal and liaison skills and the ability to develop and maintain relationships with a wide range of stakeholders both internal and external;
Driving audience research and data analysis to create actionable insights for events and exhibitions, programming, marketing, and visitor and information services
To enable our team members to give back to our communities, we offer a day's paid volunteer leave
Experience in business processing mapping of data and analytics solutions.
Take full ownership the technical backlog, troubleshooting problem areas and leading investigation of potential solutions
What's on offer at GWF:
Ramsay Health Care was established in 1964 and has grown to become a global hospital group operating 480 facilities across 11 countries, making it one of the largest and most diverse private healthcare companies in the world, and the largest in Australia.
We have a vision-
it’s bold and unique
and we need talented people to bring it to life.
Please click on this link for a full list of Benefits http://www.latrobe.edu.au/jobs/working/benefits
To find out more about this position, or to explore your alignment, please contact Mr Ravi Ravitharan, Director, IRT, +61 3 9905 1986
We are committed to providing a workplace that is flexible, rewarding, and supportive of individual development.
Just as you will help us grow our business, we will help you grow in your career.
Relevant professional experience in a Data Engineering role
Expertise in all the stages of Software Development Life Cycle primarily in ETL/Data Warehouse development and implementation using expertise technologies such as AWS, Netezza, DB2, Oracle, Teradata, Snowflake and Big Data; along with database object design and architecture, logical and physical data modeling and ETL analytic application development for DWH applications.
Experienced in data pipelines and modelling
Advanced skills to develop enterprise-ready dashboards using open-source frameworks and Microsoft products and services, such as Power BI, SQL Server, Azure, R and Python
Business Intelligence - Power BI
Knowledge of Scala and/or Spark.
Strong scripting experience in SQL, Python, Java, DAX, C++ and R
Opportunity to work on a high impact transformation
Developing a good understanding of relevant agricultural policies and programs
AirFlow, Snowflake
Excellent presentation and communication skills, with the ability to relay analytical insights and recommendations to various internal stakeholders
All Western Power employees are required to have received their first Covid-19 vaccination by 31 December 2021 and to be fully vaccinated by 31 January 2022 unless they have a valid medical exemption, as per the WA State Government’s health directive.
Deep understanding of statistics, behavioural and data science
Demonstrated experience designing and deploying analytical reports, including experience with Microsoft SQL Reporting Services or similar development tools.
Staff Health Centre
If you have read this far, chances are this role has your attention, so don't hesitate and apply now!
Whilst we would love the chance to speak to every applicant unfortunately that's not always possible.
If you have been selected as part of our shortlist you will hear back from us within 2-3 weeks.
On behalf of the team good luck!
Development of QC release specifications for biopharmaceutical actives and product (drug product).
Monitor data quality, namely reviewing daily reports for breaks/errors and subsequently researching and resolving any issues
Data definition, collection, cleaning, extraction and validation
We value Diversity and Inclusion and know that the unique backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives of our people contribute immensely to the delivery of our purpose and strategy.
We’re living this commitment as a WGEA Employer of Choice for Gender Equality and have a growing number of employee-led networks to raise awareness and promote Diversity and Inclusion at Perpetual.
An understanding that teamwork is the path to achieving outstanding results in a fast-paced commercial work environment
Motivation to share expertise in SQL skills with experience in Databases like PostgreSQL , Redshift, Big Query, Oracle. 
Implement data life cycle consumption from the data source to the end model.
Bachelor of Science or Chemical Engineering
Support the development of processes and standards for data procurement, data modelling, data protection, data governance and data mining.
Strong experience as a data engineer / data warehouse developer within the data and analytics domain.
Continuous improvement of end-to-end processes, standards, and quality.
12 + 12 + 12 Month Contract
For a confidential discussion, please contact the Group Performance Team on EIsupport@ecodev.vic.gov.au.
The Data Engineer will help expand and optimize our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for Unified Commerce solution.
In addition, the Data Engineer will have astute awareness of their broader organisational context and are keenly focused on the supportability of their work and on realising small increments of value frequently.
To be part of the go-to data science team in the bank, within their central analytics hub to design and create high impact analytical solutions
Ensure all site plan & historical data is correctly integrated into the company data management systems
It is Australia's oldest public library.
Over more than 160 years, we have collected almost 5.5 million items including books, manuscripts, serials, photographs, artworks, maps and ephemera.
Each year we add more than 70,000 heritage items to the Library's rich collection.
Free access to the Virtual Y – online health and wellness  
Strong business analysis skills and experience (process mapping, analysis, documentation etc.)
Experience with advanced statistical techniques and concepts
(regression analysis, properties of distributions, statistical tests, etc.)
Develop Redshift user defined functions UDFs and Lambda functions for custom data transformation and ETL.
We know our people, product and loyal customers are our defining point of difference in our market and are better working together in order deliver outstanding results as it’s always.. always about the customer!
Convenient Location:
Our office is located in the heart of East Perth.
It's surrounded by parks, restaurants, public transport, parking and great coffee!
Data Analysts undertake descriptive analysis and produce analytical reports to identify trends and patterns in data.
They may develop visualisations such as charts, tables and dashboards to support analysis. 
Ability to identify and harness opportunities for improvement
You will be:
Why we think you’ll love working here
Role & Superannuation rate: 
Professional - Full time - 17% super
NSW Health Pathology are currently seeking a Senior Scientific Officer to join the team in the Transfusion Blood Bank Laboratory  located at Liverpool Hospital.
Attractive, market competitive remuneration package
Solid experience in management business analysis including budgeting and variance analysis.
Analyse and deliver data migration initiatives, either project managing small components of mid-sized initiatives, or all components of small initiatives as required.
Design and conduct quantitative analyses, and compile evidence and reports using tools like Shiny R and R-Markdown summarising key outcomes of these analyses for relevant stakeholder groups
Contributing technical expertise to requirements analysis to enhance the quality of the solution design.
Deliver best in class technical data knowledge across marketing with a primary focus on 1 to 1 measurement as well as digital media that enables scalable automated solutions.
We encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, all members of the LGBTQI community and people with disability.
Using SQL to extract, review and analyse systems and databases to provide accurate advice, insights and information 
Generous employee discounts on over 6000 products
We're interested in hearing from people who have:
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Undergraduate or Postgraduate degree in Mathematics, Data Science or Geospatial Science
Work collaboratively with team members to develop innovative policies, programs and documentation, in accordance with legislative and related business reforms.
Promote the available data and analytics capabilities and expertise to science leaders and educate them in leveraging these capabilities in achieving their science goals.
Data is a key strategic asset and a big part of how we continue to pioneer our way forward.
With eyes on the future, our business teams harness the capabilities of our data ecosystem and features across the enterprise to enhance their capabilities.
Knowledge and practical applications of statistical learning (i.e. Boosted Decision Trees, clustering algorithms,) and deep learning machine learning algorithms (i.e. Convolutional Neural Networks, LSTMs, Transformers).
Use of various ETL/ELT/integration services like dbt is highly advantageous though we will consider other similar tools
Ensure you comply with all relevant Quality ISO standards, Policies, Procedures and Processes, how it applies to you, how you are to adhere to them and support their application within DFR
Deliver innovative Cloudcon software products to the marketplace
Experience or Studies that included the uses of frameworks such as ITIL, BABOK etc., and process modelling
Strong excel experience
Whilst technically proficient, you will have a strong commercial lens and be able to identify trends and opportunities within data.
You will also have the ability to analyse business performance, deliver data driven business insights that help us to make informed decision, and design A/B tests with the ability to communicate findings with a customer centric focus. 
Participate in pre-sales activities to demonstrate how data science and statistics may be applied for the commercial advantage of potential clients.
We’re looking for a Sales Reporting & Systems Analyst to join our Sales Excellence Team to champion the creation and improvements of quality data and reporting to enable insights driven conversations that aid our Sales Team to profitably grow the beer & new alcohol categories.
This role is flexible on location and can be Melbourne, Sydney or Brisbane based. 
Must have a Negative Vetting Level 1 or Baseline Clearance or ability to obtain 
Recognition for exceptional individual and team performances at our annual awards night
Support the strategic project analysis and resource requirements
This position will see you:
Create and maintain KPIs for performance tracking.
As a part of Data & Analytics team, this position will support current activities in establishing the organisation’s Data Strategy, Governance Framework and Data Quality benchmarks. 

Knowledge in, or experience with, AWS services (RDS, SQS, SNS, EC2S3, CloudFormation).
Analysis of the current state to then design, implement and continually improve the future state of data and analytics across genU
Strong written communication skills and concise and succinct communication style.
System development experience

Demonstrated experience in coordinating with other teams for planning, design, governance, engineering and release management of processes and products to ensure timely and accurate delivery of data and analytics services.  

Relevant Degree in Data Science or a related discipline 
Suncorp is a leading financial services provider in Australia and New Zealand, enabling more than nine million customers to better protect and enhance their financial wellbeing.
With a heritage dating back to 1902, we have grown to become a top-50 ASX-listed company with over 13,000 people.
We offer banking, wealth management and insurance products and services through our well-recognised brands including Suncorp, AAMI, GIO, Apia, Shannons and Vero, as well as those from our partners.
Your life pre-Judo:
Work alongside the Head of Software Engineering to drive the growth and maturity of the engineering capability.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
For further information regarding the role, please review the Position Description and Information Package 
Work in a dynamic, collaborative and high performing team
Manage team assets to agreed tech roadmaps
Role & Responsibilities:
Have the ability to communicate well, and work in a collaborative team environment
Data & Analytics - BI/DWH, Big Data Analytics, Data Engineering and Advanced Analytics
Research demand and the market sizing
thinking creatively and sharing ideas to drive innovation in response to evolving business needs and emerging technology
Reviewing existing and development of new data recording tools to inform, streamline and enhance SPI outcomes for the project
We are seeking a Data Scientist to join our professional team.
In this full-time role you will have freedom to innovate, extend your knowledge and generate new scientific solutions to real-world problems.
You will get to work with the latest hardware, best-of-breed satellite and drone imagery, and a diverse team of specialised and experienced scientists.
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively to deliver outcomes.
Define and clarify requirements, propose and develop appropriate solutions, and provide feedback to the reporting team and internal customers
As Supply Chain Analyst you will play a crucial role in the execution of Stryker South Pacific’s Supply Chain strategy.
You will partner with key stakeholders across the business to deliver exceptional service to customers and maintain cost control.
Develop and monitor reports, tools and processes of data architecture
Hands-on coding – creating datasets on Microsoft’s
Azure/SQL Server – tables/views/stored procedures;
Assist in being responsible for your Squad’s services in production, its consistent uptime, troubleshooting, data governance and agreed SLAs.
Experience with Snowflake Cloud Data Platform.
You have a laser focus on precision and professionalism when it comes to the design and implementation of database structures.
Your ultimate satisfaction is around ensuring minimal downtown and uninterrupted operations of the data environments.
Joining the Group
Experience with Jupyter Notebooks for Python/R, Cognos, DB2, SQL
Maximising the use of Geographic Information Systems (GIS) data using the ESRI platform.
FreeChoice Australia was established in 1991 and is a progressive business comprising a store network of 300 retail outlets with a blend of corporately owned and franchised stores.  
As the clear market leader in its category, FreeChoice continues on its road map of exceptional retail operations and customer service.
The Insights team within the broader Coles Technology team focuses on building data collection and analytics capabilities to uncover customer, products and operational insights, providing data driven support to our users, and enabling Coles to be a data driven organisation.
Demonstrated inclusive and interpersonal attributes that connect you to our behaviours (we change the game, we own it, we step in, we are curious, we don’t take ourselves too seriously) 
Due to continued growth, we are looking for a full-time laboratory technician to join our friendly and dedicated team.
Lab technician will operate and control Flow Cytometers and other scientific equipment, perform semen assessment, prepare media, and process, freeze and apply quality control standards to animal semen.
advantageous but not essential.
Experience with Atlassian products, Google G-suite, Amazon AWS, and SharePoint is an advantage.
Use analytical and visualisation tools such as Alteryx, Tableau, Power BI, SQL etc.
Work with the Residential Customer Success teams to ensure that high standards of service are maintained Develop, maintain, and improve reporting and dashboards for operational and financial performance 
You’ll have previous experience building and designing, highly automated enterprise technology solutions leveraging a cloud first approach.
As well as able to work with stakeholders to identify and implement cloud-based solutions.
Spark Engineer
We also have regular Hackathons, lots of training and development opportunities and we care about our employee’s wellbeing and regularly offer lunchtime, yoga, meditation and HIIT classes. 
Australian Citizenship and experience as a data analyst in an APS or ACT Government context is mandatory.
What you'll get in return  
You will be working with a manager who values and supports your personal growth, in a growing, dynamic and authentic organisation that promotes integrity and puts members first.
Other benefits include a competitive salary, genuine flexible working arrangements, discounted travel, income protection insurance and generous leave entitlements.  
We are committed to the recruitment, development and support of a diverse workforce into an environment which is inclusive, embraces diversity in all its forms and is a place where you can be you.
All roles can flex at AustralianSuper and we're happy to discuss what this can look like for you.  
We are proud to be a WGEA certified Employer of Choice for Gender Equality (since 2012) and to be recognised as one of Australia's top 10 workplaces for Dads.  
What's next  Please apply now, if you share our values of Energy, Integrity, Generosity of Spirit and Excellent Outcomes and would like the opportunity to work in a challenging, growing and rapidly evolving team to deliver outstanding results.  
Be Inspired, Be Bold, Be You  To be eligible to apply, you must have Australian or New Zealand citizenship or permanent residency status.  
Agencies please note: this vacancy is being managed directly by AustralianSuper's Recruitment team.
We will contact our preferred agency partners should we require additional support.
Thank you.
We have a culture of high-performance in our workplaces and celebrate the diversity of our employees who contribute to the success of our organisation.  
Judo’s culture sets us apart...
Basic knowledge on data analysis of NGS data is desirable.
If you want to challenge yourself in a rewarding career looking after major customers in the utility and contractor space, then please look no further than our latest opening for our Key NSW Customer Coordinator role at Prysmian.  
Prysmian is the international leader in design, manufacturing & supply of cables and systems for energy, telecom and industrial sectors.
Listed on the Milan Stock you will join a family of over 10,000 employees across 51 countries with plenty of career opportunities in the future. 
Airflow
supporting the team to scope, plan and  implement minor and major initiatives
Previous experience in creating data pipelines
Advanced experience in the use of Excel, Power BI & Tableau
Comfortable with ambiguity - and able to be flexible and adaptive
The scientist will have an important role in leading the Austin Health Pathology Molecular Microbiology service, both for COVID and non-COVID diagnostic testing.
This position will require the Grade 4 scientist to work closely with the Medical Microbiologist and General Manager in overseeing scientific and technical aspects of assays that will include evaluation of new and existing tests, troubleshooting of assays, liaising with instrument vendors, ordering of consumables, creation and maintenance of SOP and protocols/workflow charting, involvement with, and monitoring of quality measures including KPIs and QAP, and reporting of aggregate data to senior staff as required.
Tabcorp is committed to creating an inclusive workplace where all our people feel valued for their unique qualities and have a sense of belonging.
If you need assistance or adjustments to fully participate in the application process, please contact tabcorprecruitment@tabcorp.com.au. 
Financial reconciliations
Key duties and deliverables:
Demonstrated extensive experience working with Azure data solutions and supporting environments involving Azure Synapse Analytics, Azure Databricks, Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Lake v2, sparkpool and Power BI.
Curious to grow?
Join a team that’s passionate about making buying and selling a great experience.
Flexibility at Lion Our people at Lion are diverse - beer lovers, wine lovers, music lovers, marathon runners, family people, single people, pet people, and more.
You name it, we’ll have it in our mix.  
We’re proud of our diverse workforce, acknowledging our people for the unique individuals they are.
When it comes to flexibility, we understand that one size doesn’t fit all.
Our flexible working program, LionFlex enables us to work in ways that support our lifestyle to help us balance our career with the other important things in life. 
A casual dress code - shorts are the fashion in the summer!
Knowledge of version control, software engineering practices and building reusable & reliable code for processing large volumes of data
Why join Servian?
Your responsibilities will likely include the following:
Proficiency with Cloud providers, preferably AWS.
Graduate or post graduate with a high achievement level in one or more of statistics, actuarial science, finance, economics, psychology or law
Big Data framework experience is nice to have
Ensure that a customer centric approach is being followed/adopted with every feature built  
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or similar, or equivalent recognised technical certifications.
Assist with scale up, optimisation and tech transfer activities to pilot scale and commercial manufacturing sites
Desirable Skills: 
The data platform engineer with have a strong background in Elasticsearch architecture, installation, optimisation and automation including demonstrated experience working within project delivery teams.
They are a motivated self-starter with strong technical abilities.
Shows initiative and can operate in a high performing technical team, which requires strong organisational skills, attention to detail and are comfortable working in a dynamic and agile environment.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and deal with change.
Understand business issues to ensure data models support needs
Experience in cloud services such as CloudWatch, Code Build, Code Deploy is desirable.
Drive technological innovation as a key enabler of short- and long-term business performance though active participation in the PowerBI COE and champion PowerBI growth and development across the Fund
Clear and articulate communication is essential, both verbal & written. 
Strong data manipulation, modelling and query skills.
Ideally the right person for the role will be a recent graduate from a Property related degree, a junior valuer or Analyst within a commercial property business that wants to make the next step in their career. 
Flexible working conditions with option to work from home.
Extensive experience using SQL and Python or C#
Engage with internal stakeholders to identify and define analytical needs
Update and maintain existing analytical and machine learning pipelines
highly developed IT skills including intermediate to advanced Microsoft excel skills
Who we are looking for
Establishing and maintaining relationships with key stakeholders to ensure a collaborative working environment.
Salary range: >
$100,000
Data Engineer - AZURE, 12M Fixed Term Contract, State Government  
Data Engineer  
Are you looking for your next permanent Data Engineering opportunity within government?  
Your new company  A leading local government agency is looking for a Data Engineer to join their Business Intelligence team to work across a greenfield Azure Migration Project.  
Your new role  
You will be working as part of an engaging and highly focused team, collaborating to deliver BI strategies and data warehousing solutions.
You will be responsible for the timeliness and accuracy of data flow from source systems and the optimisation of data storage for the accessibility to meet the business reporting demands.  
What you'll need to succeed  Joining as the Data Engineer, you will have experience in designing data driven solutions for the data migration from Legacy to Azure.  
Technical skills and tools:
Design, build, test and maintain scalable Azure Data Factory and Azure IoT APIs from a variety of structured and unstructured data sources.
Applications Close: 22 December 2021
Looking for your next interesting contract?
Develop scripts and applications to automate away repetitive tasks (Python, Golang)

Create, change and improve infrastructure using Terraform and deploy code via CI/CD capabilities

Maintain an understanding of the data components, including Cassandra, Elasticsearch and Kafka.
Working understanding of Visual Basic
You will have a couple of years’ experiences maintaining and developing the cloud data analytics platform, supporting the development and delivery of data engineering solutions and automation of analytics solutions to enable the team or management to make data-driven decisions.
access a range of benefits including competitive salary, lifestyle leave, two days volunteer leave every year, recognition of service milestones; and
Participating in technical client interviews and facilitating workshops with key stakeholders.
We are looking for a Marketing Analyst who will research and identify ways to build our brand and acquire new clients.
You will be responsible for researching consumer behaviour and exploring market trends and opportunities that focus on delivering insightful and impactful analytics that drive tna’s marketing activities.
Knowledge of Microsoft BI Stack (SSRS, SSIS, MDS, SSAS)
We would love it if you had AWS Experience (Redshift, S3, Athena, etc)
Outstanding candidates are encouraged to apply for positions now open at Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre – a place where our normal days are extraordinary; as are the people we care for.
genU is committed to providing accessible, inclusive and equitable recruitment processes for all candidates.
If you require any support or reasonable adjustments during the recruitment process, please email recruitment@genu.org.au
If this is an opportunity that excites you, please apply via Seek today. 
Applications will remain open until the position is filled. 
Have great energy and a can-do attitude
Payroll or related HR systems is very attractive to us
This is truly a role for someone that has great technical skills and is looking to make a stamp on a global stage by creating industry leading technology. 
The program of research will extend into 2022 and this contract will be offered for a minimum of 3 months with extensions probable as we negotiate 2022 workplans.  
Our research team sits within a larger group of researchers in the Melbourne Alliance to End Violence Against Women  http://maeve.unimelb.edu.au/
You’re someone who has had experience with a variety of tools and understands the end to end data journey.

Additional personal leave p/a  

Provide data for key initiatives and activities across the organisation
● Designing, constructing, testing, implementing and maintaining scalable datamart solutions and analytictools/apps for business needs● Performing collection, cleansing, merging and management of data from various sources and buildingthe curated dataset for business reporting● Ability to model data embedding business rules / logics, using a staged approach for data processing● Transitioning datasets from legacy products and external data sources to our Google Cloud Platformsuite● Overseeing implementation in the team of new technologies and software engineering tools● Ensuring systems meet business requirements and enterprise practices
● Building and maintaining new data structures and design data processing systems
Challenge the development team on their delivery of quality, unit test coverage and assistance in the creation of development artefacts.
Data warehouses and data lakes.
Who are you?
MS SQL, Excel / Power BI
Sorry if this sounds cheesy, but we really do want you to bring your whole self to work.  
There is no such thing as the perfect candidate, so if you think you have what it takes, but don't necessarily meet every single point on the list below, please still get in touch.
We'd love to have a chat and see if you could be a great fit.  
(It's also a fact that women and underrepresented groups tend to only apply when they check every box...)
Turning internal and external data into actionable insights to support successful identification, planning, delivery and evaluation of priority strategic initiatives across the business
Melbourne CBD OR Sydney 
Join the Better Big Bank - one of Australia’s most trusted brands
Automate processes and workflows
Our SEO team is growing!
We'll equip you with our dedicated extensive Onboarding & Training program, supported by a tenured buddy, expert tools, technology at your fingertips.
Working closely with our sales teams, clients/customers, and third party vendors, you'll provide expert advice on content strategy, on-page optimisation, and identify and resolve technical SEO problems across content management systems.
You'll help drive quality relevant backlinks to improve and get results using Google Analytics and other tools to track site traffic while identifying new growth opportunities.
About the SquadWe are looking for an Engineer to join the Recommendations squad, one of several squads within AIPS. 
This squad consists of data scientists and engineers who work together to provide job recommendations via a variety of channels to our millions of users across the brands of the SEEK group.
As an engineer you will be working with the data scientists to continuously improve our production models, make new data sources available, optimise training pipelines, and ensuring the security and reliability of our systems.
Visit our website www.dialog.com.au for more information.
Work with the best and brightest.
In a community of industry-leading innovators with a diverse and deep set of skills and experience, you will learn, collaborate, and co-create to achieve results.
Employment is under the ASIO Act 1979.
Conditions of service are similar to those applying in the Australian Public Service.
We recognise entitlements accrued under the Public Service Act 1999 and provide for continuation of superannuation under the Commonwealth schemes.
Salary packaging arrangements are also available.
SQL or QLIK knowledge will be an advantage but not necessary.
Work with customers to discover and implement data-driven transformation possibilities.
Document the design and the workflow of enhancements and improvements.
What you can expect
Varied Role: You will never feel stagnant as you will be hands on and multitasking working in a dynamic environment.
We are our customers too
Our people bring their diverse backgrounds and unique perspectives to build a respectful, inclusive and flexible workplace.
One where we're driven by our values, and supported to share ideas, initiatives, and energy.
One where making a positive impact for customers, communities and each other is part of our every day.
Our client is Australia's most comprehensive quality-accredited speciality laboratory services organisation.
They develop and conduct pharmacokinetic (PK) and pharmacodynamic (PD) assays across a wide variety of therapeutic areas to ensure the success of their client's clinical trials and preclinical studies.
Successful performance in this role will be demonstrated through the business value contributed by developed and supported products.
Further, the successful candidate will be expected to stay up to date with emerging techniques in natural language processing and machine learning, and be deeply involved in a culture of continual improvement.
to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools, increasing data accessibility and empowering data-driven decision making
Must be able to communicate with patients and next of kin in an informed sensitive and empathetic manner and feel confident in performing a consent discussion and conducting a structured interview with patients
Helping my client to drive innovation and engagement in our promotion's playbook
PhD in mathematics 
Has a dynamic and friendly culture with a deep sense of purpose that thrives on collaboration, inclusion and diversity;
Ownership and maintenance of the Salesforce reporting suite for the Growth team and Sales Leadership.
Work in a passionate, dynamic, growing environment with the ability to learn and adapt quickly to new methodologies and technologies
Establish and implement core development principles including code reviews, version control and documentation
Competitive salary
What we’re looking for   
Cleanse and assess data for relevancy and accuracy
Previous experience in managing a combination of digital, data warehouse, BI and/or analytical projects in an Agile environment as well as the ability to organise other teams and adapt style to what is effective for each team.
Duties and responsibilities:
For this role, only those candidates with eligible work rights will be considered.
Ability to deliver Business Intelligence solutions to the business
An understanding of the opensource / data opps approach to data engineering.
Leverage our wealth of customer data to build self-service reporting tools and dashboards that are automated, scalable and easily digested to enable informed business decisions
The role:
You will have the opportunity to work across different border domains including cargo, mail, trade, traveller and visa.
Using a variety of programming languages, software and systems you will extract, cleanse, match, analyse and interpret large volumes of data to support decision making.  
You will develop and deliver analytical products to support business lines across the portfolio, including Visa Programme areas, Intelligence Division and the Australian Border Force (ABF) operations.
Powershell scripting
Prepare solutions, buffers and reagents for use in a variety of assays
Upskill business stakeholders in appropriate use of BI assets
Experience with Monitoring and Logging tools such as Splunk
Supporting the capability uplift of continuous improvement culture across the business
Celebrated success stories with 'Living the Senex Values' Awards
Relevant experience in analysing of business processes using change management principles within a higher education or complex industry environment.
Experience in delivering business value by creating excellent business intelligence products
Please note - unsolicited resumes from agencies will not be accepted by AGL.
Our ‘At My Best’ wellbeing program
If you would like to be considered please apply for the role by clicking the apply button!
(Job Reference S14)
At Bunnings, you'll make an impact on the business and beyond.
A vibrant, team culture where we embrace pace, encourage new ideas & leadership
We primarily use GCP with a host of other environments in our tech stack, such as under:  
We expect from you:
This is your opportunity to building and optimize ‘big data’ data pipelines, architectures and data sets. 
Working with complex data sets and creating customer facing visualisations  
Please refer to the Position Description for other duties, skills and experience required for this position.
Flexible working & leave offerings
We are committed to ensuring that our workplace is inclusive, where all our people feel that they
Supporting the production environments and associated infrastructure, including storage, virtual, physical and cloud machines.
Practical knowledge of various classes of ML algorithms, techniques and packages
To be seriously considered for this role, you must meet the following requirements:
Execute Agile/Scrum Development Life Cycle way of working and work collaboratively across the business, understanding the needs of various teams
A team player who is keen to collaborate with clients and teams.
Coach and develop data analytics leaders and emerging leaders across the enterprise data analytics capability and the broader business.
Ongoing learning and development (including marketing leading study support).
Prysmian Group, as an Equal Opportunity Employer, aims to attract and recruit individuals with diverse backgrounds, skills and abilities, who will enhance the quality of service and contribute to the Group’s success.
Prysmian Group is committed to the development of an organization that prioritizes talent, where people feel respected, appreciated and free to fully express their human potential.
Prysmian Group strongly believes that diversity drives meritocracy and brings significant value at all levels of the organization, increases the possibility of capturing market opportunities and maximizing value for our customers and shareholders.
Prysmian Group bases its decisions on principles of equality, with evaluations based on the type of position and with a focus on best practices so individuals succeed based on their efforts and skills and their alignment with applicable job requirements. 
Line Mangers, Hiring Managers, HR Corporate and HR Local are responsible for ensuring that diversity and inclusion are respected during the recruiting process.
Unconscious bias and stereotypes must not influence our selection processes.
We look for the best candidates and for the real value they can bring into the organization.
We value meritocracy.
We value diversity.
We turn off our bias.
All persons shall have the opportunity to be considered for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, alienage or citizenship status, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, military service and veteran status, pregnancy, childbirth, and related medical conditions, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.
Prysmian will endeavor to make a reasonable accommodation to the known physical or mental limitations of a qualified applicant with a disability unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business.
Prepare, maintain and review technical support documentation.
Demonstrated experience in developing web applications using C#, SQL and SSIS would be mandatory.
You have a passion for data and experience in ETL/ELT, warehousing design and visualisation.
Flexibility to juggle what’s important to you with work
Significant experience developing analytics algorithms and/or software, with some experience analysing spatial data.
Champion the role of solid data governance, capture and sharing principles across our data platforms
Data mining/collection procedures ensure data quality/integrity, interpret/analyse data problems and test performance of data-driven products.
Full working rights is essential for the role.
Apply Today
The Data & Analytics team in OE (Optus Enterprise) is accountable for delivering efficiencies and accuracy of business operations and growing the commercial value of our customer base through data & analytics-driven decisions.
Experience using a variety of Data Science principles in a team environment
Commercial experience working in Data Science building a range of complex models relating to customer marketing strategy (Acquisition, retention, growth, cross sell, churn), customer segmentation, next best action decision engines and campaign analytics.  
- Hands on experience with SQL and basic knowledge of at least one Database e.g. SQL server.
Having qualifications in Information Systems, Computer Science, Engineering or relevant experience will support your application.
Experience in SAP, Microsoft SQL Server and Microsoft Power BI are also desirable.
Gathering information from various sources and interpret patterns and trends.
Bachelor's degree relevant to project(s) of work
Please apply on-line or for more information please contact Kausty Mahajan at Bluefin Resources on 02 9270 2603.
Develop data analytics and reporting solutions that drive decision making and improve performance across all departments of the business.
As Senior Director Technology and Data, you will work closely with the Senior Executive to deliver outcomes for the Organisation.
Your role will include:
Career development and education assistance to further your technical or leadership ambitions.
Contribution to national documentation, training materials and presentations about this research
Establish transparent, reliable and timely data by leveraging business intelligence processes and tools, including “single source of truth” performance reporting 
Previous experience in large scale Data warehousing Projects and a strong understanding of data warehousing concepts, such as data modelling and data Visualisation skills, specifically Power BI.
Experience in managing and analyzing structured and unstructured data (e.g. Python)
- Experience in creating project governance documents like Requirement Specifications Document and Operating Procedures
Today, Elula includes some of the smartest data scientists and engineers in our region.
We continually develop new ways to add value via an evolving understanding of customers—and how to respond to their ever-changing needs.
You’ve got a strong knowledge of SQL and ideally Python
Comply with the procedures and processes used within the Data & Analytics team, ensuring all work undertaken is executed consistently and professionally.
In the response to the Royal Commission into Aged Care Quality and Safety, the Commonwealth Government announced that IHPA’s functions will be expanded to include providing advice to the Commonwealth Minister for Health and Aged Care on aged care pricing matters.
Parking onsite
Gathering, structuring, and analysing internal and external data using a broad range of descriptive, diagnostic, predictive and prescriptive analytics technologies
Discounted financial and health services
WHAT NEXT? 
3.
Data technology solutions – sourcing (Oracle, Ingres, Azure, Wintel Server Network file shares), collecting, ingesting and storing
Cyber and Protective Security
Leading the analytics side of Telehealth strategic projects and initiatives.
This is a permanent full-time role in our Data Reporting & Analytics team for AMP Bank.
The purpose of your role is to bring deep subject matter and technical expertise to business problems.
In addition to good technical BA capabilities, your role will require a comprehensive understanding of data analysis including interrogation of Data Warehousing through SQL, Agile / Waterfall project delivery, and project delivery systems.
A winning team culture that promotes openness and collaboration.
Channel Bio (www.channelbio.com.au [link removed]) is a young, dynamic, fast growing Australian biotechnology company based in Sydney.
We specialise in technology development for the generation of biologics against difficult targets.
We are backed by class-leading technology for the discovery of antibodies against previously undruggable targets, and focus on challenging target classes such as ion channels and GPCRs for the treatment of a variety of diseases.
With a proven leadership team experienced in antibody discovery and development, Channel Biologics will streamline the creation of new biologics.
The successful candidate will be part of the molecular biology team, performing R&D into novel therapeutic antibody technology.
Join us now as we build a company from small beginnings into a powerhouse for the generation of new therapies.
Attractive Salary $77,592-$105,292 per annum + Super (with Salary Packaging).
Competency with predictive modelling, Natural Language Processing and an ability to rapidly learn new tools and methods in response to business and customer needs
Due to continual success and increased digital needs of BHP’s Local Buying Program, C-Res has a new role opening in our Digital Innovations team for a Junior Business Analyst.
This position is a work from home role that requires regular travel to the C-Res Mackay Head Office.
A self-starter that adapts well to change in a fast-paced, dynamic workplace and works well in cross-functional teams/projects.
Contributing to a data driven culture though the use of data to move MF from descriptive reporting to predictive analytics
Generous team member discount across all Myer products 
 Senior Data Analyst - PD.pdf
Apply Now!!
Reward and Recognition scheme with an awesome referral bonus
There's nothing more important to us than keeping our people and the public safe.
5+ years of commercial experience building and improving internet-scale products informed by data
Undertake a qualification in Finance (CFA/CAIA/CIPM)
Gold Employer status in both the 2019 and 2020 Australian Workplace Equality Index (AWEI) – the definitive national benchmark on LGBTI workplace inclusion.
Develop and maintains scalable data pipelines and builds out new API integrations
Previous Transformation and extraction experienceTechnical expertise regarding data models, database design & ETL development
Recruitment Agencies:
Our Talent team does not require any recruitment agency support.
·        Mobile and Broadband staff discounts
Working at Hollard
Experience relevant to the role, including data analytics packages such as SAS and SQL.
Streamlined web-based processed for tracking and authorising data access to specific datasets
Why work for the City of Wanneroo
Data wrangling, Data profiling and data analysis for new datasets ingested from source systems and derived/built from existing datasets with the on-premises and cloud-native tools
In addition, you will be trained by our team of experts in all the soft skills needed to become an outstanding consultant.
Building and extending marketing dashboards in Tableau, creating views in SQL if needed.
Our tight knit Managed Services team is responsible for keeping those solutions available and secure.
We provide continuous support and improvements to the platforms, pipelines, environments or models that underpin the services that millions of people around the world rely on each and every day.
Key attributes we're looking for:
Python and ideally web scraping experience
Ensure that reports are relevant to the client, service contract and are of the highest quality achievable
IBM’s DataStage, Informatica, Talend, or Oracle’s Data Integrator
We're honoured to be recognised as the Best Place to Work Overall and the #1 Best Place to Work - Tech Industry in The Australian Financial Review #BestPlaces2021 Awards.
We wouldn't be where we are today without the SEEKers who make this company what it is.
Collaboration skills and understanding of business challenges & drivers.
Migrate custom data pipelines built in Python to Cloud Composer maintaining optimal data pipeline architecture.
We are at a pivotal point of our journey, with lots of exciting growth ahead.
We are looking for future leaders to take our business to the next level.
If you want to be part of driving disruption, working in a fun and fast-paced environment with the best and brightest from across the technology industry then read on...
Growing data agency, lots of room for career growth
Excellent communication and stakeholder management
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate and influence across a variety of stakeholders at the senior level
About the position The Vervoort lab aims to unravel how RNA Polymerase II driven transcription is regulated to better understand how dysregulation of this process results in human disease and ultimately find novel therapeutic avenues to correct these defects.
The lab uses state-of-the art genomics approaches to characterize the epigenetic and transcriptional landscape, which is combined with novel genome-wide CRISPR screens, Cas9 genome-engineering, and bioinformatics approaches to functionally dissect transcriptional and epigenetic complexes.  
After a training period, the successful applicant is expected to take complete responsibility for the accuracy of the results produced and recorded, as well as and for the organisation of the work in their periods of absence.
The successful candidate will perform molecular biological assays (Western Blot, RNA/DNA work, cloning and PCR), next generation sequencing library preparation, genomics and transcriptomic assays (
ChIP-seq, CUT&TAG etc.
), functional genomics screening using CRISPR-CAS systems, tissue culture and viral transductions.
The successful candidate will also be involved in lab management to ensure the smooth and efficient operation of the laboratory by organizing general laboratory duties, maintaining databases, ordering reagents and monitoring lab supplies and stocks.  
Selection Criteria
Establish and deliver reports according to client specifications and contractual obligations (internal and external), the templates and reporting structure to be used to report progress status and Service Level performance across multiple towers of a client organisation
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
We are looking to fill this role as soon as possible – apply now to be considered.
Your experience:
Some key skills include:
 Our clients have roles for all types of personalities from those who are happy to sit quietly in the corner (
or now at home) crunch, analyse or code, through to outgoing engaging analysts who enjoy presenting or translating technical data to a non-technical audience and anyone like yourself in between.
Knowledge of general application architecture, databases and basic technical skills.
Provide support to the development of strategy and policy on data reform initiatives
Next Steps  Sound like the sort of role for you?
Apply now.  
If you have any questions or wish to have a private conversation about this role, contact the Talent Acquisition team.
We’d love to hear from you! 
Educational assistance
Number of vacancies available: 1
Deep knowledge of machine learning algorithms, ensembling and model performance tuning
Experience with both waterfall and agile project methodologies
The opportunity to work with an inspired team on challenging problems that matter
Python or R experience is essential
Location: Clayton campus
You'll also:
Strong quantitative, analytical and problem-solving abilities
A commitment to quality in your work
Investigative and research skills
Great attention to detail


To
be considered for this role
(JOB ID: 5718), please forward your resume to Eric
by clicking the Apply for this Job button.

Please note that this role closes on the 6th of December.
Our purpose is to be the leading organisation for oral health in NSW and the ACT. 
The REA experience  
The physical, mental, emotional and financial health of our people is something we'll never stop caring about.
This is a place to learn and grow.
We're committed to your development - both professionally and personally.
Your experience with us is something we take seriously.
We offer:
Several years’ work experience within the Banking and Finance industry in data analytics and dashboard reporting creation with concise and meaningful insights using visualisation tool
An ability to connect the dots from business ambition and opportunity through to actionable insight with reference to business strategy, objectives & opportunities
Department of Industry, Science, Energy and Resources
Quality Assurance
About Powerlink
For a confidential discussion please connect via the details below.
Flexibility comes in all shapes and sizes at Catch, and as part of our commitment to flexibility, we offer all team members the opportunity to take control over when, where and how work is accomplished depending on your role.
As a key member of the Operations team, the incumbent works together with other team members to translate business requirements into a technical solution which can be supported by, or work alongside, existing ERDA and Monash systems.
Support the delivery of excellent customer service
Execute testing and release of finished products and fill materials, in QC, on time as per schedules with minimal analyst’ NRFT
Evolve Scientific Recruitment is proudly partnering with Channel Biologics (an AbCellera company) in the recruitment of a Research Assistant - Antibody Discovery.
Cleansing, importing and exporting of large and sensitive datasets using a dynamic SQL based process;
Prior experience as a Data Analyst, Business Data Analyst or Technical Business Analyst, and involvement in requirements gathering for business intelligence projects 
Undertaking high-quality routine and ad-hoc data analyses using tools such as SAS Business Intelligence, Power BI, Microsoft Excel
Study support (up to 50% of tuition fees for relevant courses) and professional membership reimbursement;
WANTED:
A logical mind! 
AWS RDS (usage at an application level)
What’s on Offer:
You will get the opportunity to work with the newest technologies, mentor others to see them improve their skills, whilst also having access to learning and development platforms plus the opportunity to get certified in cloud technologies.
Empower sessions with industry leading guest speakers
Corporate Discounts
Overview of the Branch and Section: 
Experience in analytical reporting
You'll have strong experience in SQL Server Data Warehousing and experience with Azure will be highly advantageous;
The safety and wellbeing of our employees and potential employees are important to us.
Our external candidates will have the choice to either interview in our offices or via Zoom.
Not only do we wish to protect the health and safety of our people, we want to assure candidates that there is no expectation from REA to meet face-to-face.
A virtual interview will not adversely impact your application.
If you have any questions or concerns, this can be discussed through the screening process.  
We're REA  
An Australian start-up success story
we're quietly proud of.  
From a garage in Melbourne to the global stage is an achievement we're humbled by.
Our idea to put pictures of houses on the internet has blossomed since 1995, and we now have businesses across Australia, Asia, India and North America.  
Our purpose is to change the way the world experiences property.
No matter where you're at on your property journey, we're here to help on every step - whether that's buying, selling, renting or renovating.  
Some of our brands include realestate.com.au, realcommercial.com.au, spacely.com.au, Flatmates.com.au, Proptrack.com, Smartline.com.au and Mortgage Choice.  
We're proud to have been named one of Australia's Best Workplaces for 2021.
This recognition is a great proof point of our unique and special culture.
A culture that is driven by our people, our values, and our commitment to making a difference in the community.
What we're doing  With us, you'll experience Impact.
REA is evolving how it leverages data and technology to deliver benefits for customers.
After the acquisition of PropTrack in May-18, and following large growth in recent years, we are now looking for a Business Analayst to help deliver our growing suite of B2B API and web application solutions for the banking and property valuations sector.  
PropTrack provides property data and technical platform solutions to customers in the financial and government sectors.
The Engineering Team within PropTrack works together to deliver solutions to our internal and external customers.
It is the core delivery center for developing solutions to meet customer priorities and align with PropTrack's technology strategy.
To apply online, please click on the appropriate link.  
Alternatively if you are interested in having a chat about the next step in your data career please submit your CV, connect with me on LinkedIn or call the number below or contact Lucas Walker on 02 6108 4878 quoting ref no. 11189
Generation of requirement and solution design documents, business process diagrams, data dictionaries, requirement analysis maps, user stories and use cases, interface specification documents, functional and non-functional specification documents;
Our client URGENTLY requires a Data Engineer for a 12 Months+ Contract in Darwin.
Practices self-development.
Staying up to date with the latest industry and technology advances
Urgently seeking a Manager within Data Science who will manage the development of analytics solutions based on machine learning & statistical predictive algorithms for clients of Data & AI to solve some of their most pressing challenges.
We are looking for experienced data scientists with extensive hands-on experience in machine and deep learning, statistical modeling, and software development, proven scientific research skills, and technical leadership as well as commercial experience required to apply these skills in a consulting-based project environment.
Independent technical exploration
Evolution Mining is a leading, growth-focused globally relevant gold company.
We were created in late 2011 and operate five wholly owned mines across Australia and Ontario, Canada.
Then look no further!
Keep reading...
Extensive SQL experience
Azure Logic Apps
What are we looking  for:
45% of revenue from IoT
Assist the firm with various financial systems projects.
improving data management procedures, and
Use Tableau to create business intelligence (BI) reporting and interactive data visualisation dashboards
At Medibank we’re encouraged to think big.
We have a clear purpose to impact better health outcomes for our customers, patients and our community.
perform and manage analysis, design, development, prototyping, unit testing and maintenance activities
Key Selection Criteria:
4-5 years industry experience within the Business Intelligence, Data Management or Data Analytics
Career progression & personal development
 Key Skills & Attributes
diverse backgrounds.
Career opportunities - we take great satisfaction in seeing you grow and share your knowledge to other parts of our large business
Fingerprinting/LSH
To submit your application, please click “APPLY” then attach your CV and brief Cover Letter.
For a confidential discussion, please contact Athena Seltsikas, HR Business Partner (08) 8361 3222.
This is a great opportunity for a DevOps engineer who wants to grow their career and enjoys working on large, cutting edge and cloud-based big data platforms.
With a clear focus on values, performance and strong leadership, you get to grow with an organisation that values your work and rewards you accordingly.
If you are looking to be part of a team that is looking to reward your skills and be more than just a number
then I would like to hear from you so apply now.
In this role, we're counting on you to:
Job Summary:
We want you to take personal responsibility and care deeply about the technology that the team builds and supports so that it is secure, reliable, feasible, scalable.
TypeScript, NodeJS, AWS Lambda, DynamoDB, RDS, SNS, SQS, Kinesis, and Docker
We’d love to hear from you if this sounds like you:
Conduct technical verification of the data loaded from the legacy system to Oracle Fusion Cloud ERP via manual uploads (E.g.: source vs target counts).
Keep up with technology, solution design, and implementation trends in order to provide our clients with fresh ideas
Managing and developing data projects hosted in REDCap, other databases, and responding to routine and abrupt/urgent requests and issues.
Qualifications, experience and skills required:
Using expertise of CRM Systems, the Data Analyst will play a pivotal role to make decisions on complex and sensitive issues that have a high level of impact on the immediate work area and the potential to impact more broadly on agency operations and externally.
Be team orientated
How to Apply
Your new team
To be considered for the role you will need to possess the following;
Knowledgeable managing structured and unstructured data types like json, xml, avro
Collaborate with diverse stakeholders (Business Analysts, Product Owners, Data Analysts, SMEs, etc) to understand and translate business/technical requirements
Free coffee Tuesday!
A desire to continually upskill and adapt technical skills to the changing data science technical landscape.
Experience working with Microsoft Azure
Data structure and analysis experience
They are an Australian Unicorn expanding their market shares to the huge US market
We could talk about RSL Queensland’s flexible work arrangements, its fully stocked kitchens and fridges and our Benefits Hub.
But the benefits that set us apart include: 
Let’s keep it simple – click apply and send us your resume, we’ll shortlist applicants and be in contact.
We value your time and won’t ask you to do anything you don’t need to.
WFH flexibility
Our ideal candidate will possess the following experience and attributes:
Fast learner – picking new things up every day whilst retaining previous knowledge will help you be successful in this role
Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritising needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment.
Develop and maintain data dictionary.
Preparing data and graphics to incorporate in client company performance disclosures
Contribute to the development of advanced analytics models for business use cases
If you believe that you are a suitable candidate for this role and are interested to find out more, please apply now with an up-to-date resume, or contact our Talent Acquisition Team via careers@terrafirma.com.au">careers@terrafirma.com.au
Training and coordination of offshore staff.
A competitive remuneration package
fortnightly 1-1 coaching sessions
Experience with AWS services such as EC2, ECS, RDS, EMR, Athena, SageMaker, etc
Our Story
A foot in the door to some of the world’s most reputable organisations
The Data Engineer will expand and optimise data and data pipeline architecture, build, optimise and maintain conceptual and logical database models as well as optimise the data flow and collection for cross functional teams.
This is an exciting opportunity for a data analyst to grow within a company that has an aggressive roadmap for data focusing on AI & Machine Learning.  
Data analysts will have prior experience with data manipulation, reporting, charts and/or dashboards.
For the data scientist role, you will have experience with the application of a range of data science and machine learning techniques.
As a data engineer, you will have experience implementing end to end data flows, scheduling and data lineage in a data warehousing environment.
Data entry
Every Voice Matters
4.
Experience working with relational databases / MYSQL
Translations of meter data requirements into functional specifications for development.
APPLY TODAY!
Strong analytical skills with a data-driven approach to problem solving
Working for AMP means being part of a company that values diverse thinking, encourages collaboration and promotes innovation.  
It’s an environment that offers challenging and exciting work as well as opportunities for professional growth.
We’re flexible enough to allow you to make the most of your life, both professionally and personally.
We are looking for those that have the courage and agility to navigate changing and complex environments so that we can deliver the best solutions for our customers.
We value people with integrity, an innate willingness to help others and an eagerness to perform to the best of their abilities.
About the role
All of your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines
Don't miss out on this fantastic job opportunity, click the "APPLY" button now.  
For more details on this role, please contact Meg at 02 82672478 quoting job# 240269    
Azure Cloud, Automation, DevOps, Modern Workplaces, Modern Networks and Security, Data, AI and IoT -
it's what we do! ? 
Demonstrated knowledge of problem analysis and resolution techniques.
About You:
The main objective of the role is to develop business reporting primarily through Power BI, working towards a self-service model for business users, and work closely with Marketing teams to provide data extracts as required.
The role will also support the Data and Reporting Team manage Mater Foundation data assets, including the Extract, Load, Transform process from multiple source systems, the modelling of data.
You will achieve this by:
Determining business needs and drivers through stakeholder consultation and collaboration
As our ideal candidate: you will have/be:
Able to run effective discovery workshops with stakeholders (business and technical) to define business problems, perform impact analysis, gather, and validate requirements, and assist with the development of hypothesis/prototypes to shape tailored data solutions
Experience working in agile environment
Why work for us?
Advanced knowledge of Linux system administration and Linux internals; including services, networking, and file systems
Documenting – providing user documentation and agile/Jira tickets to track work progress; and
Build and support solutions in an agile fashion and be able to pivot your work in response to the business needs and evolving digital landscape
Solid understanding of distributed processing (Spark, Hadoop, etc) and MPP
belong, are valued, respected and have equal access to opportunities and resources.
Strong experience in a range of data engineering tools and skills, including but not limited to SQL, TSQL, SSIS, SSRS, Databricks, Git and AWS.
•           
Experience with Azure including Azure Data Factory, Databricks and DevOps
Joining a high-performing and collaborative team, in this position you will engage in a wide range of activities to support advancements in the area of data analytics, and will play a key role in driving IRT’s goal of being a leader of change in the rail industry in relation to data-driven decision-making.
Here’s how the process works:
What you’ll be doing
Passion for the application and business value of data science a
Study in a creative workspace in central Melbourne
Location can be; Brisbane, Sydney or Melbourne.
Multiple positions available
Analyse existing maintenance processes for areas of improvement (i.e. automation opportunities)
What our team members say about us:
Programming skills (desirable)
Experience with Adobe Analytics (Omniture Site Catalyst), Adobe Target, Adobe Audience Manager, or similar web analytics, web optimization, or data management platforms beneficial
Working across governments, health departments, telcos, retailers, utilities and beyond, we’ve developed and delivered solutions for some of the biggest technical challenges facing the world today. 
Technical expert internally for data warehousing solutions (SQL Server and Azure);
Advanced skills across the Microsoft Office suite, including but not limited to Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook and Word
Exceptional stakeholder management, communication and interpersonal skills.
Being proactive by nature with a strong ability to interpret commercial needs and turn them into data solutions.
You simply get all the commercial metrics that come into play and work closely with your stakeholders to ensure solutions are fit for purposes.
Please only apply if you are physically located in Melbourne and have the right to work in Australia.
Experience with cloud based data platforms (e.g. BigQuery or Redshift)
Identify opportunities for improvement in the use of data to make business decisions
Excellent relationship building and stakeholder engagement with an ability to interact with a diverse group of stakeholders and proactively provide actionable data solutions that support & enable business decision making;
Desirable skills/experience
Develop and support solutions that deliver the design and implementation of data modelling best practices including collaboration within the team, brainstorm and conclude conceptual, logical, and physical models. 
The Data and Reporting Analyst supports the business requirements of External Relations Development and Alumni (ERDA) through data analysis and reporting solutions.
This involves working with stakeholders to identify requirements, and developing, recommending and implementing solutions that enable strategic decision making.
Strong interpersonal skills
Research and map out the supply landscape for the vertical being launched
Provide technical mentoring and training to other support levels.
Excellent interpersonal skills, including the ability to collaborate effectively with colleagues
Identify improvements and support the Team to meet national target achievement benchmark of 100%
Desire and capacity to acquire new knowledge and laboratory skills
ABOUT TRONOX 
Demonstrated ability to contribute to estimation of build and test effort for a solution
The Spark Consortium’s Design and Construction Contractor - which comprises Webuild, CPB Contractors, GS Engineering and Construction and China Construction Oceania - will deliver the twin three-lane tunnels and key interchanges for the project.
Previous experience in credit risk modelling, pricing and data analytics.
Strong Python and SQL coding skills
Scope and further develop the 2022-2025 Philanthropic programme. 

Should be able to work with Devops team on Orchestrating Airflow works

An up to date resume; and
Geelong VIC, hybrid (onsite/offsite)
Cloud & Technology - Cloud Services (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform), DevOps and Automation inc HashiCorp
You will have
Experience in agile and collaborative working environments, techniques and tools
Advanced communication and problem-solving skills.
Experience within ETL development processes using a relevant toolset
Tabcorp is closely monitoring Department of Health guidelines to ensure we continue to provide a safe working environment.
These data movement and transformation processes are in the process of being uplifted to Microsoft Azure and the successful candidate will be using the following technology:1.
MS Azure Stacka.
Data Integrationi.
Data Factoryii.
SQL Server Integration Servicesb.
Data Storei.
SQL Serverii.
Synapse Analyticsiii.
Blob/File Storageiv.
Cosmos DBc.
Analyticsi.
Azure Databricksii.
Stream
Analytics2.
Development Tools – DevOps3.
Data technology solutions – sourcing (Oracle, Ingres, Azure, Wintel Server Network file shares), collecting, ingesting and storing
Key datesThe Data School takes new consultants three times each year.
The starting dates for each round in Melbourne is February, June, October.
About Ventia
The Information Analyst role sits in the Business Analytics function.
Have proficiency with programming in SQL and comfort with R/Python
If you meet a number of the requirements, but not all, we encourage you to submit your application.
You can learn more about working with us on LinkedIn [link removed]
Stryker is in the medical industry and the safety of our employees and communities is very important.
To that end, it is a requirement that our employees be vaccinated, and it’s an inherent requirement for the successful candidate for this role to be vaccinated.
Work with state-of-the-art data processing frameworks, technologies, and platforms
The business intelligence and reporting analyst role is responsible for helping build and maintain our full reporting suite.
The role will suit someone with strong analytical & database skills, excellent communication and stakeholder management who is comfortable managing competing requests from business stakeholders.
You are comfortable working across several business intelligence and analytics domains, or interested to learn, and love diving into complex production data, weaving informative stories for stakeholders There is also the opportunity to develop data engineering duties through ETL processes and cloud data architecture on Azure if you want to develop your cloud and data engineering skillset. 
We welcome and encourage applications from all people regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, cultural background, or sexual orientation.
Click 'Apply Now' to submit your interest in this position.
Junior Data Analyst – NSW Government  
Deliver value and service to clients and stakeholders by understanding their needs, identifying risks and opportunities for business improvement and providing feedback and advice to stakeholders.
About the Business
Social events and regular sundowners 
A background working in data & analytics
Here's just a small selection of what we offer at SEEK:
A passion for quality code - this is a craft, not just a job
We provide employees with Life, Salary Insurance and access to an Employee Assistance Program.
Excellent communication skills with the ability to build strong working relationships with internal and external stakeholders;
The stability of a Government Owned Corporation with the feel of a medium size business.
About the Team
A friendly and supportive working culture with an active social club
Facilitate testing of data, dashboard and reporting solutions 
And many more!!!
Proven experience working in an agile environment
NSW Health Pathology is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating an inclusive workplace.
We seek to recruit from diverse applicants and create teams with skills, perspectives and experiences that complement each other at work.
We welcome suitably qualified applicants regardless of age, ethnicity, socio-cultural background, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity.
Strong understanding of terminology and products within the Banking & Finance industry.
Access to an Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
Two years’ experience in a similar role
Be able to identify, prepare, analyse, and present data
Strong background on algorithms and data structures
Ability to understand and write Unix scripts, perl scripts & Java
Ability to create clear and professional reports, procedures and other documentation
Experience working in cloud data platforms ideally in the Azure / Microsoft stack
Engage in system and UAT testing to ensure the system is capable of supporting day-to-day operations.
You’ll have –
You will work with a collaborative, vibrant and passionate team of experienced professionals, inside and outside of the Engineering and Data Teams and as we continue to grow, there will be plenty of development opportunities.
Full Time, Fixed Term until 23 December 2022
Excellent site-based facilities, including free and secure on-site parking, subsidised cafeteria, gym and end of journey/change facilities
Regular contact with IT consultants throughout the duration of your assignment
Tertiary qualification in property, with a focus on Valuation subjects and current eligibility for API membership.
Modern offices based in Waterloo
Sidekicker employs over 10,000 casual staff, or Sidekicks, seamlessly connecting them with businesses hiring staff across hospitality, events, office admin, industrial and promotions.
Work directly on: - Data Extraction, Manipulation, and Interpretation. 
- Review of existing and future data storage and infrastructure.- Design, Develop and Implement solutions to complex Data problems. 
- Data Technologies such as Python, R, SQL, SAS, Hadoop, Spark and more. 
- AWS, Azure and GCP projects for Data. 
- Machine Learning, NLP, Object Detection, and more.
A strong maths and statistics background is required – including ability to apply scientific thinking and experimentation to data.
This would include an academic background such as a Masters or PhD level in a data science related field
Collaborate with Data Scientists, Ontologists, Optimization Analysts, Data Services and Service and Strategy Managers to deliver excellent software for our partners in an agile environment.
Senior Data Engineer
Expertise in the Microsoft Data Platform,
Will you actively create a healthier future for tomorrow?
Working at Virtus means you are on board with our journey, you will show respect, understanding and kindness to other regardless of ethnicity, sexuality, identity, or any other protected attribute.
Relevant experience across cloud technologies and exposure to DevOps, CI/CD processes and best practices in Azure are essential.
Design and implement new business reporting structures, as well as making contributions and suggesting improvements to existing structures
All applicants please be aware that in line with the Victorian Chief Health Officer’s Directions, all MCRI and VCGS workers must have received at least their first dose of a COVID-19 vaccination by no later than 29 October 2021 and be fully vaccinated by no later than 26 November 2021, unless a medical exception applies.
Applicants will be required to provide their Australian Government COVID-19 Digital Immunisation Certificate/s as part of our pre-employment requirements.
SQL experience 
Designing and developing efficient, fit-for-purpose data models.
Develop ad hoc SQL and Excel reporting requests and data extraction;
Experience with Data Governance tools
About you: the success candidate will need to demonstrate:
Management of platform exceptions and coordination of clearing across the wider Operations group.
Your cover letter must include why you are interested in joining the Loup team, and details of your direct experience as a Senior Data Engineer.
Experience in managing SQL Server Databases (Backup and Restore, Create/Alter Jobs, Replication, Create /Alter
Users, Grant Permissions)
Experience in PCI, GDPR, ISO, or other security compliance (desirable)
Sound understanding of RDMS and SQL
Marketing teams and business unit General Managers and Product Owners
Bringing creativity, diversity of thought, experience, and knowledge to deliver great outcomes.
Perform data reconciliation/verification of reporting
Strong organising and prioritising skills with the ability to work across multiple projects simultaneously.
Communication skills.
Communicates effectively verbally and in writing, adapting style to suit different audiences.
What can we offer you?
Support the engagement with Commercial teams to workshop, identify and value advanced analytics use cases to be embedded into core processes.
Design, Deploy, Monitor and support end to end Azure analytics services
You must be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products.
If you're right for this role, the prospect of optimising or even re-designing our company’s data architecture to support our next generation of products and data initiatives will excite you!
 Experience:9+ Years
Experience & Qualification:
Working with stakeholders to identify and implement the most optimal cloud-based solutions.
Technology development (contribute to current and future technology platforms on which our products rely)
Qualification in Data Science, IT or Business is preferred but not essential
About the role:  The purpose of this role is to partner with the finance and Data & Analytics team to support the growth and transformation agenda of the Bunnings Commercial Business, in line with approved business cases.  
The PowerPass Engagement Manager will be responsible for the continued development of the Commercial roadmap, utilising finance and data and analytics.  
This role will actively partner with the Finance and Analytics Leads supporting the Commercial business to support the commercial growth agenda and the evolution of PowerPass.
They will be the conduit between the Commercial Leadership Team, Finance, Business Intelligence and Data Engineering, to ensure alignment cross functionally.
They will ensure the project plans are adhered to, timelines are met, and financial outcomes are agreed and delivered.  
What's involved:
For further information, please refer to the attached Position Description or contact People & Culture on 03 5225 7500 or people_culture@tac.vic.gov.au for a confidential discussion.
Applications for this role will be accepted up until 11:55pm on Wednesday 8th December 2021.
Design and build metadata driven data ingestion into data lakes and databases
Please submit a resume and a cover letter addressing the key selection criteria outlined in the position description. 
You'll be involved in data analysis, data reconciliations, data issue resolution, root cause identification and issue triage across multiple systems including Salesforce, SAP and the data warehouse.
Exhibit proper handling of potentially hazardous chemical and biological agents and/or radiation sources in the workplace
Five or more years working with Azure data tooling, SQL, PowerShell, .net, SOAP or Restful web services, JavaScript, XML, Git or a similar version control / source code management tool is desired.
PowerBI Data Analyst
Work closely with your Supply Leads/Managers to deliver in key process and analysis
Exposure to Scrum / Agile development methodology.
You will be an integral member of a newly formed Data Migration Enablement Team tasked with building and supporting key services that enable this crucial part of our Unification Journey.
Own and influence our analytics data model
Conduct regular reporting and analysis to identify opportunities and measure channel performance
Designing, architecting, and implementing complex batch and real-time data analysis solutions and services in business intelligence, predictive and prescriptive analytics, data science, data management, and information management, utilising Agile (Scrum) frameworks
Support you to develop your consulting skills - you’ll work on a range of different client projects from day one.
Opportunity to work on integrations
Access to our Employee assistance program
Demonstrated ability to use best practice techniques for development, support and documentation
Ability to prioritise workload and comply with deadlines;

Diverse career and leadership opportunities 

Good decision-making skills within fast-paced environments
Why ASIO
Become a guru in Alteryx, the market-leading data analytics platform
Keys to SUCCESS
Experience working in an area of risk such as Internal Audit or Governance Risk with a passion to move into data will be highly regarded
The PowerBI Data Analyst will have at least 3 years’ experience working with Business Intelligence / Data warehousing systems and applications (PowerBI and Qlik preferred).
Advanced Microsoft Office, Project, Power BI and report creation/generation
an inclusive, welcoming office environment; and
Develop data models according to company standards
Employment Type: 
Temporary Full Time
up to 27 October 2024Position Classification: Snr Hospital Scientist
I/C Lab
>200Remuneration: $128,387.46 - $135,619.93 per annum plus superannuationHours Per Week: 38Requisition ID: REQ274594Location:
CanterburyApplications Close: 12 December 2021 - 11:59pm
 
Have a keen eye for detail and curiosity to find out why things might be failing
The analyst will track and report on the progress of adoption of our SEEK Data Lifecycle, performing audits with teams to validate compliance.
In addition, this individual is responsible for identifying, defining and maintaining Data Governance workflows.  
Partnering with Data Stewards to identify, define and maintain data definitions and corresponding metadata across business functions and data domains.
Success in this role will require an expert communicator, with strong business and technical acumen.  
You will need to be confident leading a team and working with senior leaders and product managers to design and execute your vision.
Change management and project management qualifications
Demonstrated skill set in building real-time data pipelines
Reporting to the Respiratory Lead Senior Scientist within the Research Department at CSL's Bio21 site, your responsibilities will include:
Hands on experience in Power BI, Qlik or similar technologies
Provide technical advice to stakeholders both within the Employment and Inclusion group and across Whole of DJPR. 
Data Analyst 5
+ years of experience in Oracle E-Business Suite (11i and R12) 
You should be familiar with very basic relational data concepts, such as joins.
Post graduate Degree in Biochemistry, Immunology, Microbiology or related discipline.
Experience with a range of diverse data sets including structured, non-structured, CSV, XML, JSON, Web API
Perpetual is proud to work directly with over 23 Aboriginal language groups in various communities across Australia and we pay our respects to all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander People: and to their Elders past and present.
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander People are strongly encouraged to apply.
Perks and benefitsAt SEEK we offer:
Key tools utilised are:
As a healthcare provider, Clinical Labs requires all new employees to be fully vaccinated against COV-19.
If successful, we will ask for proof of immunisation accordingly for our records.
Perform modelling and analysis using charting, descriptive statistics and machine learning including supervised and unsupervised methods.
We value the visible and invisible qualities that make you who you are.
We expect our workforce to align with our diversity expectations and programs. 
What we would like to see you bring to the team:
Segmenting the target audience and determining the appropriate markets to be approached; and
Good communication and stakeholder management skills to technical and business audiences, able to explain complex topics in simple terms
Building a bullet proof control system to ensure the reliable delivery of services required by a data hungry organisation
Proactive and predictive analytics – building tools and insights to better forecast hospital claiming patterns.
Build analytics tools that utilise the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics.
reporting, and optimisation of the teams alerting and monitoring of the teams systems, services and components
Research Technician opportuniy in the ACRF Translational Research Laboratory
Some DevOps experience working with Docker or Kubernetes, comfortable with linux and bash scripting (e.g. CI/CD)
Open-minded collaborator with a growth mindset
High degree of emotional intelligence and empathy, seeking feedback
Demonstrate ability to synthesize data and present findings in a meaningful manner
You enjoy working within a high-performing team but can operate independently when required.
Your well-developed communication skills allow you to effectively articulate your recommendations in easy to understand terms.
Showers available for anyone cycling to work or for lunchtime gym goers!
Tertiary qualifications in a relevant discipline and/or equivalent professional experience
work with researchers to provide data science support for projects across the university, including providing guidance, performing data extraction and cleaning, developing and implementing models, software, and data visualisations
Office: 07 3229 8020
Even though technical skills are important in this role, we value an individual with the right attitude and behaviours who is happy to take on any challenge and open to feedback and coaching.
Does this role suit you?
To be Successful in this Role you
Ensures risk dashboard reporting are insightful and meaningful, aligned to and supports enterprise key risks and risk appetite statements
System integrations - advantage
Data Analytic and Data communication skills
The ability to design and architect complex data solutions
A professional, supportive and friendly culture
Experience in data warehouse design (e.g., dimensional modelling) and data mining
The opportunity to progress your career with the leader in its industry
Who are we?
We are OZ Minerals, a modern mining company.
Please visit our website (www.genu.org.au) for a copy of the position description outlining full details of this role.
Experience in CRM system Administration.
Business, Science, I&T or related discipline

Engage broadly with Finance Services and the business to frame, structure and prioritise business performance reporting requirements.      

Identify optimal solutions that balance Customer and market needs with what is realistic, at reasonable cost, in reasonable time and with available resources
At least one year
’s experience in a similar Account Executive / Account Manager position is desirable
ASIO staff are carers, parents, grandparents and community volunteers and may come from various backgrounds, including music, teaching and nursing.
We are proud Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and second or third generation Australians.
We are introverted, extroverted and neurodiverse.
We are trades’ specialists, technically-minded, corporate and intelligence professionals.
We are your neighbours and part of your community.
The only difference is, we don’t tell you where we work or what we do.
deliver high quality audit services
Highly desirable criteria
Keep our data under an appropriate level of governance structures such that it is secure and appropriately accessible to staff, Business Units, offices and clients both on and off premises
Do you love solving interesting problems?  
Do you love helping customers?  
Do you have an ability to delve into data?
Collection, analysis and solution-based application of competitive market data. 
We are looking for the brightest data, digital and tech talent in the industry to join us to build a revolutionary data and digital ecosystem from the ground up.
It’ll be transformational work that will drive change across the industries we operate in.
Business Analysis Certification (e.g. CBAP, PBA or similar) or equivalent industry experience
Experience supporting Microsoft Power BI visualisations in a corporate setting;
Experience selecting the architecture that services clients need with the balance of costs, capability, and risk to meet the client's business objectives.
All appointments are made subject to a satisfactory National Police Check
conducted by Austin Health and if required, a Working With Children Check.
Permanent position within a professional team environment
Developing and maintaining our suite of data mapping adapters written in PHP
Have the opportunity to work directly with Customers and Suppliers 
Knowledge of Azure Cloud services is essential. 
Design, develop and deploy analytics solutions (data models, dashboards, predictive models, real-time decision services and more), working in partnership with commercial teams and decision makers;
Develop machine learning models for Customer Engagement opportunities
Knowledge of Cloud environments (Google, AWS and Azure) and Cloud-native data warehouses (BigQuery, Redshift, Snowflake)
We are looking for someone with: 
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Liaise with the product team to ensure all tech requirements are covered
         A workplace volunteering and giving program to enable you to help others in the community
Customology are specialists in customer lifecycle management.
We create customers for life, helping brands grow by understanding their customers and keep them coming back.
We’re proud to work with some of Australia’s leading brands, including Westpac, Suncorp, Bridgestone, Specsavers, Laser Clinics Australia, Youfoodz, Soul Origin, Chatime, Corporate Traveller and many more.
About the role:
Assist other team members in upskilling with new toolsets and technologies
Proven ability to extract actionable insights and fit for purpose solutions
Ready To Take The Plunge:
The Customer Optimisation Analyst role is an exciting opportunity to join our Customer Success Residential team based at our Perth CBD office.
Competitive remuneration
The main duties of the role include (but are not limited to):
Finance Services at SA Power Networks is looking to progress in a challenging and rapidly evolving environment. 
It is an exciting time for our people, with change not just on the horizon, but happening right now.  
With a clear understanding of the internal and external factors driving change, we have developed a new purpose for the group and have identified we must be more than just the numbers.
We need to deliver impactful insight, challenge and services to drive extraordinary organisational performance.  
This is an opportunity to join a future-focused Finance Services department, with a strong purpose and willingness to invest in its people to achieve our goals.    
To be considered for the position you must have a Bachelor Degree or better, and be reasonably comfortable demonstrating your skills in the following areas:
Data is at the core of our business and we drive automation and self-service solutions wherever possible.
This isn’t restricted to user solutions, but also includes our own development processes, which creates capacity within the team to develop new solutions and ideas.
Key Responsibilities Include:
Join an innovative company that is customer and data centric
To learn more about opportunities with LexisNexis or RELX Global, join us here: 
Strong analytics skills - ability to use data to produce insights and develop solutions to real world problems
Broad expertise and skills establishing and using animal models of lung disease and dysfunction.
Experience performing lung function measurements are desirable, but not essential;
Able to manage teams across multiple projects.
Supply Chain analysis and demand/planning support, including purchasing and supplier liaison as well as some administrative support
Details of the role    
Prior working experience on streaming workloads
Python – Advanced (required)
Machine Learning and Deep Learning frameworks (eg Scikit-learn, Spark MLlib, Tensorflow, Keras, MXNet, Theano)
Experience using Data Science principles for predictive models
Work with our Internal - Graphic, Video & Marketing teams to devise creative and impactful campaigns driving traffic to our website
2-3 years' experience in a data analyst or reporting role
Ability to liaise, influence, and engage with a range of stakeholders
Strong communication and stakeholder management skills
Provide critical project support including administrative assistance, maintenance of documentation, participation in relevant meetings, co-ordination of project tasks and activities, monitoring and tracking against project plans, identification of issues and risks and project reporting.
We’re results focused, but we’re a business that cares.
Here we are less about titles and more about everyone playing a valuable role.
We provide autonomy and space with freedom to operate, quickly learning from mistakes because we know they are part of the way forward.
We’re curious, open minded, and collaborative.
And although we’re thought leaders, we’re humble, and willing to share knowledge and learn from one another.
About LexerLexer helps brands and retailers drive incremental sales.
Design, develop, and implement data solutions using MS stack tools.
  Why this opportunity is right for you?  
To succeed in this position you will be highly data driven and display a genuine interest in designing and implementing internal effective business analytics solutions.  
You will enjoy working in a fast-paced and agile environment, whilst being able to take direction and manage expectations, and influence internal stakeholders appropriately.  
This role is requiring a professional to manage responsibilities and projects within data engineering and analytics.  
You will regard yourself as a curious professional who prides themselves on their learning agility.
Exposure to the pharmaceutical industry is highly regarded.
Alternatively, an in-depth understanding of the healthcare environment and related government bodies e.g. TGA, PBS, PBAC is ideal.  
NB:
Australian working rights required.
Sponsorship is not on offer.  
How to ApplyPlease ensure to highlight and address your suitability and capabilities in your cover letter and
CV.Click apply or contact Natalia Fiocca, Specialist Manager on 03 9938 7104 for a confidential discussion.   
About us
Healthcare Professionals Group - Recruiting all positions, at all levels, into biotechnology, medical devices, pharmaceutical and scientific companies.
www.hpgconnect.com
Experience in Integration/Middleware is highly desirable (inc API, Enterprise Service Bus, Mulesoft, Tibco)
at least a basic understanding of qualitative and / or quantitative research methods  
Migration and transformation of large complex data sets experience
Azure Cloud technology experience working with Engineering, Storage and Analytics services.
- 20%
Report progress and monitor Data Quality improvements.
Work on Elula’s ML software product sets to further develop, deploy, and deliver production-level machine learning and optimisation models
Outstanding stakeholder management skills
Dermalogica, the world’s leading professional skin care brand, partnered with  Unilever, a world leader in personal care , are redefining skin care worldwide.
Forming the cornerstone of Unilever’s Prestige Personal Care Division, Dermalogica continues to be an entrepreneurial company that fosters personal well-being and integrity in a hands-on environment making us one of the world's most respected skin care lines.
Master of Data Science or Graduate Certificate in Data Science required.
Performance tuning and optimization of databases and data integration solutions.
Possess attention to detail and can work autonomously
Flexible work arrangements.
Company Description
This is a Category A position.
All Category A applicants must read and understand NSW Health Policy Directive PD2020_017 Occupational Assessment, Screening and Vaccination Against Specified Diseases.
All recruits must agree to comply with the requirements outlined in this policy.
All recruits must provide evidence against specified diseases and comply with the requirements of this policy at their own cost prior to appointment.
4 years of hands-on experience in data migration or data warehousing projects, including on-premises to cloud (AWS) migration.
If this sounds like your next exciting role with an ASX listed organisation, then we would love to hear from you!
APPLY NOW or for further information please email:
rachel.jones3@downergroup.com
Next Steps  
If you’re looking for an exciting role, with lots of opportunities to expand your skill set, then please apply through Seek. 
Manage a portfolio of work and liaise directly with the business
Partner and collaborate with internal stakeholders to deliver value
If you think you have FCTG DNA, reach out today.
Coordinate reporting for senior stakeholders, including conveying complex technology and business information into cohesive messaging linked to strategic objectives and outcomes whilst meeting committee deadlines.
The video attached shows ADS at work on an important project for TasWater in Launceston, providing an accurate picture of flows, particularly in wet weather, to inform the design of the Combined System Improvement Project (TERHAP). 
Leading the development of data analytics solutions such as data warehouses, data lakes and real-time data processing systems.
The successful candidate will be expected to conduct rigorous, valid, and ethical research both independently and as part of a research team.
 What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV or call or email Julia Riley on +61 (02) 6112 7616, julia.riley@hays.com.au.
If this job isn't quite right for you
but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.  
SA Licence number : LHS 297508
Key Responsibilities:
Facilitation and management of custom client projects
Experience creating efficient data integrations across on-premise and cloud environments.
Make a better tomorrow.
This truly is a unique program of work and you'll get to work on a product that makes a positive outcome on the wider NSW community.
 If you have some or all the below skills or experience, we want to hear from you:
Bachelor or Master degree in Data Science, Mathematics, Computer Science or equivalent.
Basic SQL experience including simple query building
Understanding of data lake related tools and services:
Azure storage and/or ADLS, Spark, git, Jira, Jenkins, Artifactory
What’s in it for you
Coordinate analytics projects in an agile way to ensure business value deliverables are maximised
SIG does not post salary information, so any salary information you find online may not be accurate because it was not provided or verified by SIG.SIG does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or search firms.
Any resume or referral submitted in the absence of a signed agreement will become the property of SIG and no fee will be paid.
Are you seeking an opportunity to use your Python and SQL skills?
Do you have a working knowledge of workflow management and cloud based data platforms?
Then this role has the perfect ingredients for you!
Experience in scheduling tools including Control-M or similar.
Classifications for this position will range between RX1 - RX7 ($58, 827.60 - $84,380.40 base salary per annum; pro rata for part time work)  Your Contribution
We are seeking a trained and experienced person to join our research and development team to perform a range of tasks including:
Fantastic flex work opportunities
Blackmores Group operates in 12 markets, with global headquarters in Sydney, an international HQ in Singapore, an Innovation Centre in Shanghai and a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Braeside, Victoria.
Capabilities & Experience 
Delivered tasks from conception through to implementation. 
As a member of the ICT Team, the Information Systems Report Analyst will support and continue development of the application reporting environment that will reliably and efficiently support the operational needs of the School.
Work with the product management team and drive outcomes through technical team
Experience developing and implementing databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other solutions that optimise efficiency and quality.
Contract Term: Until 28 February 2023
Expand the existing data model in accordance with current design principles
Police Check
We are open to new languages and tools that may do the job faster and smarter
Following and contributing to team documentation and programming conventions
Be willing to undertake a qualification in Finance (CFA/CAIA/CIPM)
Experience utilising Power BI and Service Now
Experience designing, building, and supporting data lake technologies ensuring
role-based access controls are enforced and audit is captured.
Research, analyse, design, and develop business specifications to achieve agreed business data and reporting deliverables
An ability to do product specification and  deliver agreed development plans in Agile environment
Knowledge in ML/AI and hands on with relevant technologies
Degree qualifications in Data/IT discipline/Software Engineering/Computer Science desirable, but not essential
Hands-on experience designing and developing data integrations
Demonstrated experience in the development, implementation, and support of a data warehouse in a complex environment
COVID-19 update
Data pipeline / ETL / orchestration development (Azure Data Factory, Apache Airflow, AWS Batch)
Prepare briefing papers and analyses to communicate trends and findings
Data analytics, BI tools (Power BI etc)
Please note that an eligibility list may be created for this position, and position(s) of the same classification that subsequently become vacant may be filled using this eligibility list.
Demonstrated understanding of business processes and data entry requirements 
Strong experience into Data mining, SQL, Power BI skills
additional leave options
Comprehensive medical benefits including fully subsidised private hospital insurance for employees and immediate family.
Work with Data Scientists in development of machine learning apps on the Cloud Platform

1% additional super based on current industry standard rate  

Strong aptitude in Transact SQL skills with the ability to understand and develop advanced queries and data modelling
We have an exciting opportunity for a Data Scientist to join our Commercial & Customer Insights team on a permanent full time basis. 
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement
Able to apply expertise and technology, to deliver results and meet stakeholder expectations.
📚Generous learning budget and leave
Learning on-demand.
At Servian we believe talented technologists matter, this means we want to help grow your career and develop your passion in the ever-changing tech industry.
What is it like to work there?  
Be at the heart of helping people live longer, healthier, happier lives.
At Bupa, we employ more than 80,000 people globally who are making this a reality.
One thing stands out about Bupa people -our
customers are our passion; they're at the heart of our culture of care.
If you've got the belief, the drive and the talent to help us in our ambition then we'd like to hear from you.
Five years clinical experience (desirable)
*Please note unsolicited CVs from agencies will not be accepted.
Your opportunity
Responsible for data architecture and infrastructure
We're looking for go-getters, problem solvers, analytical thinkers and high calibre individuals to take on this role in a fast-paced environment.
We are specialists in our field of Data & Analytics and being a tech agnostic organisation, we give you the opportunity, support and platform to train & develop your skills in both technical and soft skills.
Tertiary qualification in relevant discipline such as Computer Science or Data Science is required.
An up-to-date CV, no more than two pages in length.
Heavy focus on systems automation and CI/CD so we can deploy everything – hardware, software, solutions –rapidly
Understanding of BI reporting tools such as MicroStrategy and PowerBI
ASIO holds all employment applications in the strictest of confidence.
It is essential that you do the same.
Please do not discuss your application with others as doing so may adversely affect your potential employment.
Project management experience with an obsession over details
To find out more about our benefits, click here!
At our heart is our customers and community, our people and our technology.  
Last year we contributed over $4.5B to the Australian community.  
We’ve been through a transformation and are focused on the future, adopting new technologies and building future capability.
The Head of Analytics will be responsible for leading a complex data analytics portfolio featuring the design, development, deployment and embedment of end-to-end solutions that intelligently leverage data for commercial outcomes.
Additional capabilities and desirable skills will include: 
Our products utilise machine learning algorithms, productionised models, data pipelines, explainable AI, visualisations, and technical-into-plain-English translation.
We are focused on helping the financial services industry deliver personalised customer experiences and transform customer engagement and retention. 
The RMH is proud to be a workplace that champions diversity, inclusion and equality for our staff and our community.  
Our goal is for our people to feel safe, included and supported so that they can be at their best every single day. 
We encourage talented people from all backgrounds, abilities and identities to apply to our vacancies, and will consider adjustments to support such applications.
Telco background is nice to have.
Perform fee calculations and process end to end invoicing.
Closing date:
Tuesday 7th December 2021, 11:59 pm 
To apply, submit your application online, or visit www.macquarie.com/careers to learn more. 
Extensive high level knowledge of working within the relevant section of the laboratory with knowledge of the operation and maintenance of analytical equipment in a pathology laboratory
flexible start and finish times, working from home, and other flexible work options to suit your lifestyle
As our Group continues to evolve, innovate and support our communities, we encourage our team members to do the same with their own careers, by providing ongoing opportunities to grow and make a real difference.  
Our iron ore has shaped skylines from Shanghai to Sydney.
Our aluminium – the world’s first to be certified “responsible” – helps planes fly and makes cars lighter.
Our copper helps wind turbines power cities and our boron helps feed the world and explore the universe.
Our diamonds help us celebrate the best parts of life.
Deploy, manage, and operate scalable, highly available, and fault-tolerant ML systems
Group Health Fund and award-winning Super fund
Domain Knowledge:Insurance and Banking 
Discounts with a broad range of providers, including gym memberships, accommodation, dental care and more.  
Experience with data governance an advantage
We love people who make those around them better performers.
Provide thought leadership to maintain a large Data Platform, including such items as Technology Roadmaps, Senior tech leadership and extensive vendor/partnership engagement.
Developed Apache Spark applications and comfortable developing in Python.
(Preferred)
Understand and promote Acceptance Test Driven Development and Test-Driven Development framework within the teams
Demonstrated experience in Business Intelligence, Data Lake, and Data Warehousing concepts
Working at INX Software
It’s not just data that’s important – learn soft skills that are crucial for your success as a data consultant
Really strong ETL skills across SSIS with the ability to also conduct manual ETL work using SQL.
Triggers, Indexes, Stored Procs etc.
We are clear about why we exist....
To create WOW....
Our passion and purpose is to provide inspiration and expertise; enabling everyone to weave their own story of home.
Supports the development of agreed standards and tools, to achieve well-engineered software solutions
Keeping up-to-date with the latest tools, technologies and approaches to aid evidence-based decision-making about the organisation's product, marketing and programming portfolio and visitor and information services
Lastly, you have advanced capabilities when it comes to SQL Server database skills including MS-SSIS packages, procedures, indexing and query tuning.
Requirements gathering, making recommendations to contribute to successful client outcomes
Provide input into determining how initiatives can be accurately evaluated including identifying valid control groups where possible and establishing success metrics for each initiative – ensuring they are measurable.
Strong capability with Excel and VBA skills
Excellent communication skills 
Proficiency using open source geospatial software, such as database technologies (i.e. PostgreSQL, MongoDB).
Work with both structured and unstructured datasets.
To apply, please send your CV to careers@landmarksid.com with a short cover note
telling us why you’re a great fit for this role or hit ‘Apply’ on this job advertisement and follow the prompts. 
Work with other software engineers, data analysts, data scientists, and decision-makers, such as product owners, to build solutions and gain novel insights.
Boeing Defence Australia (BDA) is looking for a talented Senior Data Engineer who is interested in being part of a dynamic team, delivering data analytics solutions to our customers.
Internal national and global stakeholder management
Join a high performing and collaborative team
Experience with CI/CD, DevOps and containerisation
Working for an organisation that truly makes a difference to the Australian people, we can offer development and career opportunities in a collaborative environment that supports people’s growth, wellbeing and promotes flexibility.
Qualifications and experience:
Hands-on experience using relational databases and big data via writing queries in SQL against multi-terabyte and million row datasets in MS Azure Cloud, EDW, AWS or Hadoop environments.
 What you'll need to succeed
What's in it for me?  
As well as a competitive salary, a range of Bupa benefits and flexible working/ work from home arrangements, you'll be challenged and encouraged to innovate.
You will collaborate strongly with colleagues who are committed to delivering exceptional experiences.
We trust, respect and consider everyone, knowing your difference will make the difference.  
What do I need?
Collaborating with engineers on their data science / BI issues
Data visualisation capability (Tableau/Power BI)
Minimum bachelor’s degree in science (Honours or equivalent) or related area.
ASIO protects Australia and Australians from threats to their security.
In a complex, challenging and changing security environment, our success is built on the imagination and intelligence of our team.
ASIO’s people are ordinary Australians but they do extraordinary things - they are our most important asset.
To be successful in our mission, we need talented people who are highly capable, dedicated, adaptable and resilient.
Applications close Australian Eastern Daylight Time 11:59pm Thursday, 9 December 2021
Our Future
We are eagerly looking for a Senior Data Engineer to join our thriving engineering team and help shape the way we use data to power our best-in-class fitness platforms.
Technical skills & Experience 
Utilising data from Enterprise Data Warehouse, data lake, cloud platforms, digital analytics, marketing platforms and front-end analysis to build custom reports and dashboards utilising Power BI
The ability to perform routine tests as performed in a hospital biochemistry laboratory
Giving culture - we encourage you to "give back" with benefits such as our Donate a Day leave where you can volunteer for a charity of your choice
Our sites are part of the global operations of Tronox Limited, the world’s leading integrated manufacturer of titanium dioxide. 
Why Choose Us?
Understanding of the use of data virtualization technologies.
Minimum Masters with a focus on IT (required)
We work hard to provide you with a fun working environment where you are valued and rewarded for the experience and ideas that you bring with you.
Our employees are the key to our success, and we look for passionate and talented people to shape the future of our technology.
We provide a range of employee benefits including: 
Keep up to date with latest trends and best practices in data technology
You be able to demonstrate how you have led and developed best practices related to cloud engineering.
Your birthday is a bonus holiday every year.
Researching company and executive information in Australia and internationally using Annual Reports, Bloomberg, Morningstar and other sources
Support and champion a culture of innovation and analytical thinking across the business
About the Company:  
Our client is one of the fastest growing consultancies within Australia working with clients both nationally and internationally across a variety of industry sectors including Mining & Resources, Oil & Gas and Banking & Finance.
They also have a presence in 46 different countries with an emphasis on providing professional development opportunities to both their contractors and permanent staff.  
About the Role: Your goal is to support the use of data-driven insights to help clients achieve business outcomes and objectives.
You will help design and build data pipelines, data streams, reporting tools, information dashboards, data service APIs, data generators, and other end-user information portals and insight tools.  
What the role requires:
AMP does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruitment agencies and search firms.
Please do not email or send unsolicited resumes to any AMP employee, location or address.
AMP is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
Good knowledge of visualisation tools such as PowerBI, Tableau, etc
Working in a diverse workforce where you can bring your own capabilities, experiences and knowledge to help build the foundations of Judo
All employees and prospective employees of the City of Wanneroo are required to declare any secondary employment and private activities to ensure that any conflict of interests may be appropriately managed.
RESTful APIs
experience working in a DevOps model in an Agile environment  
You will be involved in leading and implementing automated testing into data pipelines, defining and evolving our testing strategy in the data team.
Experience in technical operations working with Cloud technologies.
Develop and build/commission solutions for data integration, management, storage and security.
Our Opportunity: 
Excellent analytical skills and a high degree of business acumen
A bachelor's degree / post grad qualification in computing science, computing engineering or other technical discipline or equivalent work experience
Customer Insights Analyst
Generate ideas about how to use data and insights to tell a story via written reports, slide presentations and verbally during meetings.
International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) are applicable and as such, your nationality may be a factor in determining your suitability for this role.
Highly organised and able to multi-task with ease
About the team & role:
Manage service delivery, stakeholder communication, identifying and escalating risks where appropriate 
Career development & advancement encouraged
Manage the access control for reporting and dashboard information distribution according to service level agreement
An understanding of distributed computing principles and data management
Lifeblood has an inspiring opportunity for you
We are currently seeking a full time Scientist for our NSW Transplantation and Immunogenetics Services (NTIS) team to provide diagnostic laboratory testing for transplantation matching, identification of genes and antibodies affecting the immune response for tissue typing and investigations into leucocyte-related transfusion reactions.
In this role you will review, analyse and interpret results and make recommendations for next steps whilst managing the receipt, input and tracking of clinical data and samples.
Market leading rewards and remuneration (to be discussed based on candidate’s experience).
Strong time management skills and the ability to prioritise tasks.
Support and maintain Payment Processing applications by conducting technical investigations, diagnosis of incidents and root cause analysis.
implementation experience of single customer view by aggregating data across multiple source systems 
Bachelor’s degree or above in either the computer science, analytics, engineering or similar domain.
Government industry experience will be highly regarded.
Applicants may be required to undergo a medical assessment to determine their fitness to carry out the duties of this position.
Apply Now:  To submit your interest in this opportunity, select "Apply for this job".  
Want to know more?  
Confidential discussions are welcome; contact our Recruitment Manager - Sarah Wilson on +61 3 9271 5532.
A comprehensive Job Description is available on our Careers page.  
In the meantime, follow us on:
Strong analytical and innovative problem-solving skills
Assist      with day-to-day activities of the project as directed, for example,      patient follow up as outlined by the study protocol.
THIS ROLE OFFERS AN OPPORTUNITY TO BE BASED REMOTELY ANYWHERE IN
AUSTRALIA #WFH
Green Light is one of Australia's most successful and fastest growing IT services businesses.
We offer a wide range of IT services in Security, infrastructure, and Systems Integration to a diverse customer base throughout Australia, New Zealand, SE Asia and Europe.
Strong capability to deliver optimised dashboards, with best-practice visuals, efficiency, and stability connected back to source databases.
Understanding and experience with Workforce Planning principles
Leading analytical conversation with business centred on “The art of the possible using data science”, exploring data from a modelling perspective, and performing initial exploratory data analysis to assess business value
Designing, developing and managing data solutions for the business to help meet the data requirements of various teams within the business.  
This will include elements of:  Data ingestion frameworks across a range of sources including traditional file and database interfaces, Microservices API and SAAS and PAAS external providers.
Data Lake and Warehousing storage layers.
Extensible and rules-driven data transformation pipelines in the cloud, implementing business logic using a mix of technical skills including scripting, YAML, python, and  Data delivery and visualisation including data marts, APIs and visualisation/BI tools.  
 PD - Reporting Analyst.pdf
To ensure recruitment at the Department of Communities and Justice continues without interruption during the COVID-19 pandemic, some interviews and assessments may be performed using alternative methods.
This may include video interviewing, telephone interviewing and online assessments.
If you are successful following review of your application, you may need to perform assessments and/or interviews via online platforms using a PC, laptop or smart phone.
By doing so, we will be adhering to the strict social distancing advice currently in place. 
Junior Data Analyst/Scientist
The team also identifies opportunities for continuous improvement and works to streamline service delivery outcomes.  
The team is made up of smart people who enjoy working together to come up with new solutions that make life easy for people to buy and sell a home. 
Experience with Tableau Desktop and Server
Strong Microsoft Excel skills as well as experience in building reports or dashboards using tools like Microsoft Power BI or Tableau
PhD and post-doc qualifications in Biological Sciences (structural biology, protein biochemistry, molecular biology, chemistry, immunology, or relevant field) plus minimum of 3 years’ experience in the Diagnostics, Biotech, or Life Science Tools industry
About CPBJH JV
Demonstrated experience in Teradata SQL, ETL tools suite, scripting in Bash scripting along with commendable skills in production support would be mandatory.
Comfortable programming python in a Linux environment.
Mandatory Criteria
Experience within financial services essential
Superior communication and presentation skills
Understanding of local investment property market and current trends.
SQL, competent Python, Spark
Troubleshoot and resolve issues in test and production instances.
Desirable Skills•    
TypeScript/JavaScript•    
Docker•    Java•    
Go•    Spark•    
Microservices•    Databricks•    Distributed Systems
Permanent opportunity located in Melbourne CBD
         Discounted tax and estate planning services
We are after a highly skilled professional with considerable experience managing large and complex data designs working on Microsoft Azure public cloud.
Hands‐on proficiency in statistical programming languages such as R, Python, Matlab etc
A natural communicator, with an ability to concisely present written and verbal technical information to a variety of audiences.
Establishment of the CX analytics practice and management of CX data requirements
This is an excellent opportunity for highly motivated individuals with the experience and aspiration to work in an industry-leading and dynamic environment.
If you are eager to learn and are keen to develop a career with an Industry Leader - APPLY NOW!
Here’s what we need
Carry out R&D projects relating to process development, optimisation and scale up; and achieve outcomes within defined constraints (cost, time and quality);
Demonstrated experience with Power BI and SSRS
Ability to take full responsibility for own work with little supervision.
Provide actionable overall market and customer insights to address key strategic questions
At WorkSafe our passion for the wellbeing of Victorian workers brings us together.
Our people come from a wide range of professions and with no two days ever being the same, diverse thinking comes naturally to us.
As we build the WorkSafe of the future we’re committed to delivering industry best practice to our people, our customers and the community. 

Maintain quality documentation of analysis, methodology and findings to ensure the provision of insightful, easy to understand reporting.   

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent industry experience with emphasis in IT, statistics, accounting/financial analysis or a related area
Completion of routine and documented procedural tasks when requested by the business
Well-developed writing skills and experience maintaining technical documentation
2 years experience in enterprise reporting or data analysis preferred
Tabcorp is famous for winning moments.
Behind (almost) all of them is great tech and talented teams of developers, architects, project managers and support experts.
Together, we make sure systems and infrastructure can handle thousands of bets every second.
When you work for HBF, you work for a company with a clear vision and a team of people that are passionate about providing the best service, experience and products for our members across Australia.
Power BI
Update and maintain the Quality Assurance framework to ensure data quality, integrity, and lineage across the existing BI solutions.
Business Analyst
Work with the Data Engineering team to implement data strategies, build data flows and develop conceptual data models
Play a crucial part in developing Myer's OMNI Digital product and technology roadmaps
Sound like you?  
Apply now.
The ideal person would have around 5 or more years of experience within Software or Data QA.
You will have a passion for learning and thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Career development through internal mobility opportunities
What we’re looking for
At Servian we believe talented technologists matter, this means we want to help grow your career and develop your passion in the ever changing tech industry.
Produce documentation including technical specifications
Detect patterns and relationships in data using a range of statistical, predictive modelling, data mining and machine learning techniques to identify threats and risks
Continue the hiring and growing the team to 6 engineers and beyond
Using data and analytics to provide insights and recommendations for commercial strategy
To be the successful applicant for this great opportunity you will have a tertiary qualification in biological sciences or related fields with 5+ years of relevant work experience in biotech/ pharmaceutical/ medical industry, postgraduate qualifications are preferable.
You should have experience in bio/pharma research, or bioprocessing techniques; biological separations and biological assay development, especially in regulated field is a plus.
It is preferable if you have an understanding and experience of quality systems and the need to develop and follow SOPs, particularly in a cGMP environment.
Experience in UFDF will definitely be an advantage. 
Azure Data Factory or Amazon Glue
Researching new tools, techniques and best practices to improve our engineering, ways of working and tooling
Infant and child health
Distributed framework and data processing technologies
Job
no: 0054657
AWS technologies (ie S3, EC2, EMR, ECS, Athena)
 Senior Data Engineer | REMOTE | SQL | AWS |
Spark|
Storm|
ETL | Data Lake | ML | AI
As the Business Analyst you will work with the current DMS team to assess the scope of Data Quality reports currently running and work with the various Business Data Owners, Stewards and Custodians to define the critical Business Processes, Objects and Elements and perform a gap analysis of Data Quality Reporting for that Domain.
Are you seeking a career at an intelligence agency where you can contribute and make a difference to the security of Australia? 
A Bachelor’s Degree or higher – from a Commerce, Social Science, Applied Statistics, Analytics / Data Science or a related discipline 
Nice to have: experience with DB2
Strong experience and knowledge in developing and working with ETL (Extract, Transform and Load) pipelines
To be considered for the role click the 'apply' button or for more information about this and other opportunities please contact Aditi Yadav on 02 9464 5530 or email:
ayadav@paxus.com.au and quote the above job reference number.
Developing and supporting data governance initiatives across the enterprise
Database Administration - backups/restores, index maintenance and performance tuning
You’re someone who has amazing technical skills, thrives in fast-paced environments, and technology agnostic.
Agile and Waterfall project methodologies
Ability to operate in ambiguity as the wider program gets built out
Lead and grown distributed teams over multiple regions
Access to Cox Automotive Australia’s EAP (Employee Assistance Program)
http://www.bluefinresources.com.au/privacy-policy [link removed]
Experience in writing MS SQL server queries, Stored Procedures and SSIS Packages.
Provide subject matter expertise and possess exceptional technical capability in one or more areas of data science
Demonstrated experience in a similar administration role
Desirable Skills:
Collate, organize and present experimental results
Our client is looking for the right person to join an experienced team to assist in driving their data function.
Reporting directly the Head of Data and Analytics, this is a Senior Role within a dedicated team of data professionals.
Required skills
Exposure to ETL/ELT and governance tools is highly desirable (inc. dbt Talend, Informatica, Matillion, Fivetran, IBM Datastage, Collibra)
This position at Global Marketplace is designed to catalyse business performance improvement.
Global Marketplace owns market-leading digital brands Click Frenzy and Power Retail.
With a large roster of blue chip customers and partners across retail, technology and logistics, Global Marketplace has a strong, established and growing footprint in the dynamic e-commerce sector with a mission to further stimulate the online shopping economy.
A minimum of 2 years experience in pricing related field
Reporting to the Governance and Reporting Manager, the Data and Reporting Analyst is responsible for the development and maintenance of the Technology Services dashboard reports, supporting the Leadership team's requirements across risk, performance and governance.
Note: Applications will be reviewed prior to the closing date; which is dependent on the status of the recruitment process.
Only successfully shortlisted candidates will be contacted.
Monthly Company Team lunch
To apply for this position click on the link below or for a confidential discussion please contact Mikahla Smith on mikahlas@ogroup.com.au / 0448 840 037 
Collaborate with Senior Leaders and Product Management to design and execute business strategy
Your ideal experience
Post-graduate qualifications (PhD highly regarded)
In close consultation with relevant Senior Staff, Laboratory Managers, and Staff Specialists, this leadership position is key to the operation of our 24/7 laboratory service, ensuring services are maintained within a clinically relevant timeframe, with consideration to maintaining adequate staff training, staff and service resourcing, and ensuring budgetary and regulatory compliance.


Responsible for managing the laboratory to provide an efficient and effective service across operational management, compliance management, financial planning and reporting, department performance monitoring and reporting, corporate risk management, human resources management and strategic planning.
Ensuring data is accessible and can be meaningfully collated into a database or warehouse for analysis, representation in a Power BI dashboard and shared with decision makers for analysis  
Data Scientists
study assistance, including financial support and study leave for tertiary education; and
To be successful in this role, you will ideally have:
As an experienced Data Engineer to work in our newly formed Treasury Engineering team.
You will work closely with team of business and technology experts, and collaborate with a strong peer network of technologists across our treasury function. 
Your work will be focused on delivering high quality outputs for the team and ensuring our delivery meets business and compliance objectives.
In all that work the emphasis will be on providing a high performing and stable platform to meet business outcomes for internal and external stakeholders.
Drive automation across the platform by building specialized converters using Python and build reusable components to extract maximum value from the data.
Career development and ongoing training opportunities
Experience in working in Big data technology (Hadoop, NoSQL DB)

prior working experience with AWS - any or all of EC2, S3, EBS, ELB, RDS, EMR, Apache Parquet  

Short-term incentive programs
This might just be your opportunity to join us on our journey to become a Smart Utility.
Your new role:
We offer a range of great benefits such as subsidised private health insurance, rewards and discounts, and health and wellbeing initiatives - click here to find out more.
Regularly review and audit Aurora
’s CRM database to identify gaps in data and ensure accuracy and consistency
Experience developing models with Python
SCM Inventory Management
(Item Catalogues and Categories, Item Specific UOM, Stocking UOM, Item Transaction Defaults, Item Sub inventory Relationship, Quality Inspection Plans)
Repository management (Git / Bitbucket / etc) –
Advanced - (Required)
Tertiary qualification in mathematics, statistics, actuarial science, data science or related discipline – post-graduate degree would be highly regarded.
Work collaboratively across the business, understanding the needs of various teams
Identifies and mitigates risks
How you will create impact:
Are you looking for your next role?
Customer focused approach displaying well-developed interpersonal skills and good oral and written communication skills including the ability to communicate effectively with customers, patients and clinical and laboratory staff, along with report writing skills, statistical evaluation of scientific data and the ability to effectively communicate policies and procedures
The Consultant, Marketing Performance Management will report to the Head of Marketing Performance Management and will be responsible for executing on the design, development, and maintenance of the 1:1 measurement framework to support marketing campaigns and optimisation.
Big Data technologies (Hadoop)
This is an exciting opportunity to join and support a growing area of the business as a Data Analyst/Report Developer.
As part of the Information Technology team this position is responsible for providing support for the analysis, design, development and deployment of enterprise reporting and data analytics services and solutions.
The position reports to the Business Intelligence Manager and will be required to liaise with a range of business stakeholders and service providers.
Gamification team
For more than 180 years, AGL Energy has been at the forefront of energy innovation in Australia.
Now, we're moving ahead with a new chapter as we look to create two new leading energy companies who will build on strengths of AGL today and play an equally important but different role in Australia's energy transition.
Modern and central training academies
Sound knowledge of industry-standard project management & process improvement methodologies.
Hawthorn location – Modern and Trendy Office
Create the required visibility through dashboards to drive data-driven business decisions
We value diversity and aim to create a vibrant and inclusive workforce that reflects the communities we serve.
Be backed to succeed.
With data and digital being a key priority for our CEO and our company having a clear data-driven vision, your work is more than an initiative, it’s a game changer. 
In addition, you’ll have access to leading-edge technology and be encouraged and supported in your development, which enables you to achieve great things.
engage and partner with other agencies and service providers to build service delivery capability
The ZERO program is generating vast amounts of genomic and clinical data from children, which is difficult to manage and share with the research community, which hampers research into this deadly disease.
To overcome this challenge, the Computational Biology group at CCI have partnered with the Australian BioCommons to develop the Human Genomes Platform project, a national collaborative approach to genomic data sharing.
Fast learner
For the past decade, we have continued to impact the e-commerce economy and deliver value for global technology businesses, premium retail brands, and millions of consumers.
Check us out at www.globalmarketplace.com.au.
Power BI Data Management Specialist
A passion to learn new skills along with a positive 'Can-do' attitude would be always desirable.
Leading a cross-functional agile delivery team for initiatives and use cases within the Data Platforms Team
Essential skills/experience
drive the adoption of our data lifecycle, seek continuous feedback to drive improvements in our messaging and training
If you meet a number of the requirements, but not all, we encourage you to submit your application.
You can learn more about working with us on LinkedIn [link removed] or via www.wowcareers.com.au.
#LI
#work180. 
adjustments including adjustments in our recruitment, selection and appointment processes.”
Experience solving data related issues will be highly critical, being able to troubleshoot and form a plan of action to resolve within a customer centric environment.
Demonstrated experience in data extraction, manipulation and data management.
Demonstrated appropriate level of expertise gained from a combination of experience, training or professional accreditation/qualification.
Make 2022 the year you refocus your career and contribute to a truly purposeful organisation that makes a measurable difference in people’s lives.
Professional development, coaching and mentoring opportunities to build your skills
Lead and guide improvements and risk management by understanding customer business drivers
free on-site parking;
Analysing and segmenting transactional data from the proprietary underwriting system(s) and policy database;
Producing client’s reports to assist in managing critical customer data
Job Description:
Under direction, produce regular reporting using approved software/tools (such as SAS, SQL and PowerBI).
We have an opportunity for resilient and curious technologists to grow their career at Tabcorp and have some fun and excitement along the way.
An understanding of the modes of chromatography involved in the scale up of purification processes and the impact to quality parameters on the purified protein.
Work with a talented Data Platform & Engineering team within our Data & Enterprise Tech function
People representing each of these roles are combined into squads which are in turn responsible for related sets of business services.
Train scientists and science data analysts in data preparation techniques and configuring data processing pipelines to self-help and consume data for their own use cases.
At SEEK we create world-class products through ongoing investment into AI and technology and have a culture of innovation, empowerment, and collaboration.
SEEK is Australian owned and operated, employs more than 1,000 people in Australia and over 10,000 people around the world.
We have a culture of high-performance in our workplaces and celebrate the diversity of our employees who contribute to the success of our organisation.
Find out more about us by visiting https://www.seek.com.au/about/.
We are invested in being on the cutting edge of technical practices, heavily building on AWS, React, Typescript and GraphQL, alongside data pipelines utilising PySpark/Python & Scala, Apache Airflow and AWS Batch.
Access to Family and Domestic Violence leave and support through QBE’s
Family Domestic Violence First Responder Network
Experience in machine learning, or computer science/statistics with strong machine learning component
Contributing proactively to enhancing processes, systems and the overall culture
On Offer - This is a 6 month initial contract with the high chance of ongoing extensions, working from home with the occasional trip to the Sydney office.
If you are interested in being considered for this role, please apply on-line with your latest CV or call Lee Bartlett on 0410 744 438 for a further discussion.
A bit about you:  
Manage research staff and projects
Employee discounts on Car, Home, Travel insurance, Roadside Assistance;
In this role you will be applying your Analyst expertise across a variety of marketing activities, identifying opportunities, building segmentation, tracking, reporting and analysing their performance to provide recommendations for improvements that drive increased marketing ROI.
Ability to manage a Microsoft SQL Server
You will demonstrate an ability to juggle multiple ongoing projects and work both collaboratively and autonomously.
Your responsibilities in support of the Financial Controller require you to :
Experience in transforming data using languages and tooling such as SQL, Python, Pandas and Spark
Strong database knowledge and SQL capabilities
As our Group continues to evolve, innovate and support our communities, we encourage our team members to do the same with their own careers, by providing ongoing opportunities to grow and make a real difference. 
This role is primarily office based however travel to customer sites will be required to gather functional requirements in line with industry and Civica standards.
The Data School Australia is creating the next generation of first-class data analysts and data scientists.
Analysing executive remuneration, including equity awards
Extensive experience in Data Engineering within a mid to large, complex organisation
Maintain industry knowledge and conduct assessments of the AI and automation market and competitive landscape
The skills and attributes we are looking for are:
Execute and support Optus’s data management and governance processes 
Position Reference Number: 120299
Continuously strive for a deeper understanding of our business drivers and develop mechanisms for improvement and maximisation of processes
A solid understanding of application development methodologies and concepts
2
x up to 12 months options to extend
Our Corporate Technology area is looking for a new teammate that loves purpose and technology as much as we do.
This role has your name all over it if you have a growth mindset and embrace challenges to continuously improve and innovate. 
La Trobe is proud to be a member of the Science in Australia Gender Equity (SAGE)
Athena SWAN program to advance gender equality in academia.
Superb written and verbal communication skills
Demonstrated ability in one or more programming and scripting languages including Java, Python, shell script or similar.
Up to 2 years analysis experience
#GetTheFutureYouWant - Come join us, bring your whole self to work, create new possibilities for you, your customers and your community and help us to be Architects of Positive Futures. 
WFH Flexibility
Applications will close on 15/12/2021.
Work with the Manager and team to prioritise future data needs to deliver target state data layers or models required.
Ability to work in complex organisational environments (ie matrix) and with remote teams
Candidates are advised that interviews may commence before closing date.
Liebherr Australia would like to thank you for submitting your application.
SEEK is a diverse group of companies, comprised of a strong portfolio of online employment, education, commercial and volunteer businesses.
SEEK operates in 18 countries globally and is a market leader in 14 of these, and across our global footprint we have exposure to some of the world’s largest economies and early stage markets with large and growing populations.  
SEEK makes a positive contribution to people’s lives on a global scale.
To work in a groundbreaking department with data minded individuals apply now!
Or contact Leon on 02 8986 3147 or on lyoung@morganmckinley.com.au
Data ingestion frameworks across a range of sources including traditional file and database interfaces, Microservices API and SAAS and PAAS external providers.
We are committed to developing and supporting a high performing workforce and an inclusive work environment.
As a State Library Victoria employee, you will enjoy:
Logistics or Transport industry experience required 
Collaborate with Statisticians and other Data Analysts to discern trends affecting segment of the industry
5+ years experience in a Data Engineer/DBA role
A minimum of 3+ years demonstrated technical experience and knowledge in data management and analytics or a related field
Help implement efficient revenue tracking mechanism with ROI cohorts
Exciting opportunity for an experienced, commercially orientated, and ambitious Senior Scientist
Rewarding and collaborative work environment
Convergence of IT and OT will be a mission critical play for us as we bring together a rapidly growing portfolio of IoT data, business intelligence and machine learning capabilities.  
Why?
Because we want to bring the latest thinking, technology and people together to create one of a few Smart Utilities globally.
The ability to multitask
Experience developing and managing the predictive model lifecycle in an MLOps environment.
We are looking for a Data Management Specialist to join ACOR’s Petrochemical team to assist with the analysis and migration of data across our clients operations.
For a confidential discussion about the role and any reasonable physical adjustments and/or flexible workstation requirements please contact recruitment@hollard.com.au.
Duties
Bella Vista based, with WFH flexibility
Experience developing SSRS reports and interactive dashboards in Power BI or Tableau
Experience with integration of information into various application/formats
Attend safety meetings
Routine activities include data extraction and data cleansing for ongoing use, creating visualisations for data using Excel or Tableau, liaising with stakeholders to meet the data needs of the organisation, and support for ad hoc requests.
Maintain conceptual, logical, and physical data models along with corresponding metadata
You are looking to expand your process improvement skillset, passionate about problem solving and take pride in thinking outside the box, then we want to hear from you.
Join an elite team where people are the heart of the company’s success and continued growth, then click to apply now! 
Press 'Apply' to apply now.
With a real passion for mentoring
We embrace difference and we welcome applications from people of all backgrounds regardless of factors such as race, colour, sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property or birth.
These grounds also include age, nationality, marital status, disability, place of residence and sexual orientation. 
This is an excellent opportunity for a motivated early career scientist to develop a wide range of industry focused skills, in a supportive team and business, and working with some of the biggest companies in agribusiness.
We offer you:
Minimum 5 years' experience working in a similar role;
Hudson Institute is committed to empowering our people and harnessing their diversity to build an inclusive and equitable work environment.
We encourage people of all abilities, Aboriginal and Torres Strait islanders, diverse cultures and backgrounds, LGBTIQ+ identifies, and all age groups to apply.
For more information or a confidential discussion please email Justin Hunting at u&u Recruitment at justin.hunting@uandu.com quoting reference 24246.
Alternatively, click to apply.
We look forward to receiving your application and assisting you with your job search.
Added advantage to have awareness of Agile Methodology and tools like JIRA.
Motivation
Undergoing a major 12month data and analytics transformation and moving towards a leading-edge Azure analytics technology stack, this is an excellent opportunity to bring your experience to our data and analytics team
Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment while working autonomously to deliver results within specified timeframes and contribute to a range of diagnostic skills relevant to the laboratory
Our ideal candidate:
You have a proven ability to build and manage software engineering teams.
With our eyes on the future, we're investing in new ideas, partnerships and infrastructure - renewing and expanding our portfolio of sources and products to make them more sustainable, reliable and affordable for our customers.
We're at a whole new level of scale and still growing rapidly.
Be part of the ELMO journey!
Agencies please note: this vacancy is being managed directly by AustralianSuper's Recruitment team.
We will contact our preferred agency partners should we require additional support.
Thank you.
Knowledge and experience of data Visualisation applications and techniques, technologies, trends and solutions.  
16 weeks parental leave
Leading the analytics to inform the design and delivery of solutions for future Telehealth delivery need.
The classroom training is followed by four 6-month client engagements with Australia's leading organisations to give you real-world experience to kick-start your new career.
Discounts on travel, fitness and more
Support the BI platform administration and operational support
A positive can-do attitude that embraces a collaborative culture of learning and knowledge sharing.
For additional information on the role and responsibilities please click here to download the role description.
Good to have some experience into reporting & Data science
Prior experience in working on Spark using Python or Scala or Java and PySpark based big data implementations.
Ability to understand and form business structures
If this role sounds of interest, or you would like to hear about other exciting opportunities get in touch with the Servian Talent Acquisition Team.
If you are an enthusiastic candidate, with the desire to become part of a driven and highly professional team, click on "Apply for this job" or email careers@urbis.com.au. 
Environmental Sustainability - Capgemini joined the CDP's (Carbon Disclosure Project) prestigious "A list" for its commitment to the Net-Zero economy.
As well as focusing on helping our clients transform towards more sustainable business models, Capgemini recently announced its commitment to becoming a netzero busines by 2030.
Take a lead role in client project delivery to help client engagements through to a commercially successful conclusion.
Perform daily sorting tasks including but not limited to, sorter startup, calibration, sort setup and shutdown, cleaning, disinfection and bacterial testing
Detailed knowledge of data warehousing with respect to various data methodologies i.e. Data Vault, Kimball or Inmon
For a confidential discussion, please call Liz McGrath on 0405 370 900, or simply apply now by following the links.
Proactively provide insights to improve university strategies
Looking at data modelling and design standards
Data warehousing / Data Lake
To be successful in the role you will have:
Experience in Ops/support roles.
Work as a conduit between the allocated business unit and technology teams
Ablility to work in a team, but also individually at times
Flexible work from home arrangements
, we value work-life balance.
ML model compression
Income protection insurance and reimbursed Death and Total Permanent Disability insurance premiums
Collaborating with colleagues from across marketing departments to ensure branding is consistent
Experience working in financial services or a related industry
Develop automated ETL processes for data modelling, mining, dashboard production and advanced analytics
MS University / Postgraduate (Master’s Degree)
Extract, manipulate, automate data by Alteryx, and to build visualisation [link removed] reports in Tableau to highlight key issues to the business
Professional ETL Experience
Demonstrated experience with Java, C# and/or Python programming languages
An understanding of the concepts of LiDAR acquisition and processing is desirable.
A competitive salary, including a 7.5 per cent allowance for maintaining a Positive Vetting security clearance;
Hands on experience on Spark ( Using Scala or Python or Java )
Experience with at least one of the data file types (MICS, Census, HIES)
By submitting your resume and other personal information with this application you are consenting to this information being collected in line with our privacy policy.
Follow the link to learn more - www.manpowergroup.com.au/privacy-policy [link removed]
Location:
Sydney Central
We’ve created something truly unique at our Mascot Campus to allow our people to work safely together in a beautiful space.
Connected by a four-story atrium, ‘the street’ is a vibrant, atmospheric hub.
Flexible working options
Undertake land use modelling and participate in preparing demographic forecasts and/or projections
Knowledge of project management, budgeting, customer management and risk/issue management
Providing technical thought leadership to align with current work practices and drive innovation and improvement
Tertiary qualifications in Business or similar discipline. 
Able to consult with the business stakeholders, communicate in simple terms and work collaboratively
Looking for a Big Data Engineer who knows to work on potential use cases of Big Data.
Automate reporting (Tableau and like systems).
Where Tableau reporting would not be available other automated options will be scoped to limit manual reporting requirements.  
The Analyst will be able to understand the reporting requirements from Stakeholders and design and build a simplified reporting view.
Time management and prioritisation will also be a key skill, along with managing stakeholder expectations. 
Finally, and it goes without saying the thought of joining a company whilst they go through a transformational journey of getting into cloud get’s you going.
Airservices is committed to fostering a culture that is diverse, inclusive, and respectful.  
We encourage motivated individuals who love what they do, value a service first mindset and embrace a challenge to explore a career with Airservices.
In return you will be a valued team member, be offered flexibility and experience a meaningful career in an exciting, ever-evolving aviation industry.
Experience with event driven architecture
Tertiary qualification with a degree in Marketing, Data Science or related field 
Significant experience in the design and build of data science solutions for customers.
We are a global technology organisation pioneering innovation in the resource industry and committed to building capability and developing leadership in our people.
✨ A vibrant team, passionate about innovation and producing quality work
Department of Health
Department of Agriculture, Water and the Environment
Strong SQL Skills and proficiency with SQL Server, SSIS, ADLS, ADF, Databricks (Spark).
Oracle BI Publisher experience - advantage 
Big Data technologies and Apache ecosystem technologies such as Spark, Kafka, Hive, Airflow, NiFi.
Problem-solving capabilities
Perform other tasks, as required by the Financial Systems and    Operations Manager and your direct manager;
Computer programming capabilities and a drive to advance these skills
Financial and remuneration modelling based on historical company performance
Strong analytical ability and problem-solving skills
How to apply
Experience building and optimising ‘big data’ data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
World class career development - AWS Partner network
Work closely with the Service Delivery team and other senior management as well as relevant client personnel to ensure reporting and dashboards are relevant and meet their intended purpose
2021 is an exciting time for Virgin Australia as our tourism industry begins to recover from the impact of COVID-19.
The Group took flight under new ownership last year, with a renewed sense of identity and focus on its mid-market heartland.
We are ramping up our flying schedule as border restrictions ease, refreshing our offering to our core customers, and continuing to deliver the uniquely Virgin customer experience Australians know and love. 
Here, you'll thrive.
You'll be supported when faced with challenges, and empowered to tackle new opportunities.
We really love working here, and we think you will too.
Knowledge of relevant data and ML engineering concepts (e.g. database management, processing pipelines, and model deployment)
C-Res is committed to supporting the sustainability of the communities in which we operate.
This means, where possible, engaging local businesses and supporting local employment opportunities.  
The program has been operating successfully in Queensland since 2012, in New South Wales since 2016, and in South Australia and Western Australia from 2017.
IMMEDIATE - Senior Data Visualisation Analyst - AUD 870 + super - 6-7months (extn)
- NSW Government Project
Empower teams through a focus on engagement, embedded agile practices, continual improvement, team performance and transparency
Only candidates with full working rights in Australia may apply for this position.
Strong Python and SQL skillsets
Generate and produce daily, weekly and monthly reports
This position is only open to candidates that currently have working rights in Australia.  
We have a wonderful team who will support you and help you to learn and grow in your role and beyond.
Post graduate degree in data science, statistics, business or equivalent
assist in the growth of data analytics
and our community.
How we will achieve this is outlined in our Diversity and Inclusion Strategy and
Willing to teach and expose the team around them to the opportunities this technology can unlock
Direct and relevant industry experience
Experience developing and maintaining data assets and related capabilities on cloud platforms
Advanced Excel data lookup/matching and/or database manipulation skills
CSL is an Equal Opportunity Employer
 [link removed]
Technically minded and ability to translate complex and raw datasets into actionable insights that add value and meet business requirements
Data Preparation – Able to apply and explain intermediate data blending techniques.
Able to apply intermediate hygiene checks, implement data quality precautions and is able to use analytics techniques to prepare data for analysis.
Strong data modelling skills 
Visualise data effectively to deliver information and leverage insights to support business activities
Excellent internal stakeholder and consulting skills, with an ability to analyse problems and issues, conduct research and analysis, and develop alternative recommendations and solutions.
In fact, we strongly believe that diversity of experience contributes to a broader collective perspective that will consistently lead to a better company and better outcomes.
We are working hard to increase the diversity of our team wherever we can
and we actively encourage everyone to consider becoming a part of it.
We are especially keen to receive applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples of Australia
The perks [link removed] 
This is our generation’s call to action
and it isn’t possible without you.
We pride ourselves on being a great place to work and offer flexibility to facilitate work/life balance.
People who are seeking part-time or job share arrangements are encouraged to apply.
Due to sustained growth and new projects coming online, we are now seeking to add your capability to the team in the role of Senior Railway Data Analyst. 
Need to have a curious mind that doesn’t accept the status quo
3-5 years' experience SQL
Exposure to working in the automotive industry highly regarded 
We're a team who have big hearts, hold a big vision, and bring our deep technical and sector expertise to our work, and each other, every day.
ETL pipelines.
Create efficient and effective models and approaches to test data
For the full position description, please visit: https://www.virtushealth.com.au/careers
Cloud Technology - Cloud Services (AWS, Azure, GCP), HashiCorp
This role will be a part of our Road Safety Division which is responsible for developing the TAC's road safety program.
The team does this by collecting and analysing road safety data, undertaking research and evaluations studies and by developing projects designed to reduce fatal and serious injuries on Victorian roads.
Competitive Salary + equity in a high growth technology company with investment from leading Venture Capitalists and strategic investors
Whilst we are keen to hear from candidates with proven infrastructure project experience or experience working for a Tier 1 or Tier 2 Contractor to be a part of an iconic construction project in Melbourne, Victoria, we also will consider applicants that are seeking to enter or re-enter the industry.
Azure blob storage, key vault and DevTestLabs.
Paid parental leave - We support our new parents with paid parental leave and other benefits.
Develop and promote the use of CI/CD pipeline methodology and proper change control processes.
The Information Systems Report Analyst has responsibility for ensuring the ongoing availability, development, performance and reporting services of School’s central Information Management System.
The role is primarily responsible for support and development of several applications in the BI Infrastructure landscape.
Experience in ETL and Dimensional Modelling using tools such as Informatica PowerCenter and SQL*Loader.
Gathering and documenting technical requirements and specifications.
Other key requirements are:
At Cloudcon you can expect a team of supportive, fun and diverse individuals who will make you feel at home from day one.
To do this successfully you will:
Flexible working arrangements and generous personal, parental and cultural leave options
For twenty years SEEK has been an integral part of the job-search process in Australia & New Zealand and as the leading employment marketplace, is uniquely positioned to empower jobseekers with career, education and volunteer opportunities to help create productive and fulfilling working lives.
Experience developing software or web applications required, including experience with SQL and optionally an object-oriented language.
Receiving and analysing feedback from users to improve systems, processes and reporting;
$97k - $106k
p.a.
+ 17% superannuation
Unlock your potential and help us challenge the status quo, while doing the best work of your life.
We want creative and passionate people on our team, who can go beyond what's possible to make lives better.
What we do is centered around creating shared value for our stakeholders.
And how we do things is what makes us unique. 
We know everyone's best work takes different shapes and forms, and we are committed to empowering and harnessing this difference. 
For us, development is continuous, learning is holistic, and How We Work Together is more than just a tagline.
Experience in building and managing the cloud infrastructure required for a data platform in AWS.
This includes S3, EMR, Athena, Redshift, Glue, RDS, EC2 and Lambda
Java and Python programming experience
Western Power is committed to its Disability Access and Inclusion Plan 2021-2025 and ensuring that people with disability have the same opportunities as other people to obtain and maintain employment with Western Power.
If this sounds like you we are keen to chat!
Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) data from source systems
Experience in PowerBI governance/administration from workspace Tenancy perspective
Communicate, present and collaborate with multiple stakeholders and external suppliers to drive delivery of BI initiatives.
We use Kafka
We are currently seeking applications from experienced Reporting Analysts to support the Social Procurement & Inclusion (SPI) team for the Westgate Tunnel Project.
Previous experience in building enterprise data analytics platforms
Collaborate with the ESTA management and various stakeholders to understand their requirements and assist in identify their challenges with data that can be addressed using various analytical techniques
Experienced with modern, cloud-based architectures and APIs, and may even have worked with event-driven or serverless architectures, containers and Kubernetes or automated CI/CD pipelines.
Customer focus and strong understanding of business context
Incorporate data analysis into designated ongoing reports
Strong strategic thinker and problem solver, with technical competency and commercial awareness to be a liaising point for client and delivery team.
Proficient knowledge in Microsoft Excel, Word, Access
Selection Criteria:
Own delivery initiatives and achievements of Data & Analytics team goals
Role Duties-
Provide information and advice to relevant stakeholders
Python, R, and Azure ML Studio skills are preferred
Employment Type: Permanent Full TimePosition Classification: Scientific OfficerRemuneration:
$65,790.39 -
$95,295.81 per annum plus superannuationHours Per Week: 38Requisition ID: REQ272813Location:
CoomaApplications Close: 5 December 2021 - 11:59pm
 
NV1 Clearance
Above all, we are seeking innovators and thought leaders who will help us bring a little good to everyone, everyday.
#work180
Good knowledge of banking products, Accounting, systems accounting logistics, Peoplesoft GL, SAP and Oracle
sound analytical and problem-solving skills, and ability to work collaboratively to respond to changing demands
Schneider Electric does not accept unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles from external agencies or suppliers via any method.  
If any candidates are submitted in an unsolicited manner, we will consider this as a direct candidate application to Schneider Electric and no fee will be payable.
Focus on continuous improvement and continual learning
We look forward to what the possibilities could bring.
Working with multi-disciplinary teams using an Agile methodology - 20%
The Workflow team is a core business support function who are responsible for the data interactions between our business and our clients.
Across the team, this includes managing client relationships and vendors, business systems supporting our internal users, and managing the data, reporting, and ETL process.
The wellbeing of our employees is our priority.
We encourage you to talk to us about any adjustments or additional support you may require during the recruitment process, as well as how this role can be flexible for you.
Virtual interviews are always on offer and will not adversely impact your application.
Video Assessment – a link will be provided to your nominated email address within 24 hours of submitting your application
check.
About ESTA
Employee recognition programs
Benefit in status and remuneration from helping grow e-Tools in one of Australia's largest health care sectors
Sonder is a fast-growth data-driven, human-centred health and wellbeing company.  
Launched in 2017, Sonder supports over 500,000 people and their families to be safer, healthier and happier.
We do this by partnering with Corporations, Government and Academic Institutions to re-define their approach to wellbeing and safety for their people.
Having completed a AUD $16M Series A in early 2021, we are moving to consolidate our position in ANZ before expanding globally - and we need high quality people and professionals to join us on this journey.
Demonstrate experience in defining, avoiding, and remediating technical debt.
Additionally, you can readily articulate the differences between configuration and customisation and when each is appropriate (highly regarded)
This is a dynamic role with a large amount of autonomy to make decisions within certain guidelines.
You will have daily, monthly and annual volume and margin KPI's set and your success within the business is measured against these targets.
The successful candidate will have the ability to make quick decisions, do a deal, are self-driven to success & cope with a high paced job where they are not always in control of the workload.
performance measurement and program evaluation
Support and collaboration, not just with their immediate team, but with the broader organisation as well!
Excellent professional presentation skills (written and verbal, formal documentation) an ability to build relationships
The position
Create and maintain data warehouses
Health and Wellbeing is extremely important to THE ICONIC, so interviewing and onboarding for this role will be conducted virtually due to COVID-19. 
We are here to support you
Demonstrated experience working on research projects collaboratively across disciplines, including the ability to coordinate research projects
Deliver business change and improvement through involvement in key projects including developing test plans and supporting end to end testing (User Acceptance Testing & Business Verification Testing)
Develop and maintain data assets by extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a variety of data sources (structured or unstructured)
We aim to continue a culture of nurture and be nurtured, which is assisted with a dynamic landscape of incredibly smart and passionate SMEs and with enterprise-level support, training, and workshops with our key vendors such as AWS.
You will be part of a fun and friendly supportive team, feel valued and work in a fast-paced environment for a progressive organisation.  
Uniting is a phase of growth and transformation; the latter may lead to opportunity to grow with us!
Salary packaging option and a level of flexibility is offered.
Ability to manage projects end-to-end, from ideation to delivery, with an innovative mindset to challenge the status quo
We know that when our people are happy they will work better and have greater work satisfaction.
We are an Australian Business Awards Employer of Choice and a UK Financial Times Diversity leader for the second year in 2021, rising 400 places and ranking 10th overall in the IT and software sector.  
We work with leading organisations such as the Tech Talent Charter and White Ribbon
• Potential to be placed in a variety of different roles, allowing you to gain invaluable experience and expand your skillset
Day to day, you will:
AWS (DynamoDB, Lambda, Redshift, S3, Athena,etc) experience will be
Maintain data integrity to enable the development of insightful reporting
Career progression opportunities within a multinational organisation
Your Experience
Have experience on public cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure)
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment.
Please note, flexible working arrangements are supported by the Department of Agriculture, Water and the Environment while COVID restrictions or staged return to workplace conditions are in place, but under normal circumstances there is an expectation that the role will be undertaken onsite in Canberra.
Create powerful market and consumer insights for the business. 
Advise other marketing functions (e-commerce/website, online/offline advertising, brand, product development) as the knowledge owner for customer and market data.
Responsible for tracking, reporting, and analysing the performance of marketing activities, ad-hoc analytic requests, and development/automation of regular reports.
A flexible working environment, meaning we strike the balance of what you need and what works for the business
(and yes, our leaders fully understand the benefits of working flexibly)
Support and coaching from experienced developers
We acknowledge the importance of our people’s diverse experiences, talents and cultures.
Embracing diversity and creating inclusion is a key component of our talent strategy.
The creation of a diverse, inclusive workforce is central to our ability to unlock potential and enhance our success.
Please apply for this role if it would make you excited to come to work every day.
Rabobank is the world’s leading specialist in food and agribusinesses banking. 
We pride ourselves on our long tradition of food and agribusiness expertise and our superior personalised service.
We are experienced and knowledgeable and work with our clients to maximise business opportunities.
Our commitment to our employees and customers is at the heart of everything we do.
To be considered for the role click the 'apply' button or for more information about this and other opportunities please contact Genna Cartwright on 02 6151 9219 or
email gcartwright@paxus.com.au and quote the above job reference number.
experience with relational database management systems, such as Microsoft SQL Server or Oracle, and statistical software packages
Blackbook.ai is one of Australia's most successful and progressive automation companies.
Our use of Data and AI to deliver on our client's pursuit of bottom line benefits has resulted in a company that can claim a 100% success rate in solution delivery.
We have an agile approach to tackling problems.
We understand that there isn't just one solution to every problem!
Our unique approach to problem solving will see you working directly with our customers, capturing additional requirements and developing intuitive solutions while drawing on the vast knowledge of existing team members.
Have experience in project management
Experience working with AWS CloudFormation, S3, Glue, Cloud Watch Events, Step Functions, Lake Formation and Athena
Map existing reports to Business Objects
Working with product management and other business stakeholders to review and iterate data products to fit emerging market trends
Learning and development opportunities.
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you!
Where you will be working
About the role 
The TeamThe AI & Platform Services (AIPS) team exists within the Seek Group and provides AI-centric core services that scale globally including search, behavioural tracking, recommendations, candidate matching, ontological services and personalisation.
AIPS works primarily with internal partners, providing services to these partners, who in turn deliver products to customers (candidates, hirers).
         Strong technical skills, with advanced skills in using Software Applications (Excel) and other analytical tools, - SQL, Power BI;
Elicit requirements using techniques such as workshops, document analysis and business process requirements.
ETL and Data Warehousing
Advanced Power BI knowledge
Leaders championing and supporting our females to succeed
A range of corporate and life style benefits
For data science, we mainly use Python
About this opportunity...
Graduated with a university degree.
Either current graduate or graduated within the past 2-3 years.
Baseline Security Clearance Required
Opportunities to innovate and use your skills creatively to solve real world problems for industry
We want you to bring an excellence to delivery, creating inclusive, supportive and robust environments where the way we operate, plan and deliver initiatives is done with the highest quality, pragmatism and focus
Support the diverse recurring and ad hoc reporting and business intelligence needs of Finance Services by providing analytics, insights and reporting.   
Support qualification, validation and technical transfer of analytical methods.
Experienced running and participating in scrum ceremonies 
Our Talent Acquisition Team and Hiring Leaders kindly request no unsolicited resumes or approaches from Recruitment Agencies.
Woolworths Group is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. 
Engage with business stakeholders, understand their pain-points, identify opportunities and contribute to developing analytical solutions that can create value for them, solving their most difficult problems
Work with traditional BI and Modern Data Warehouse architectures
Join a global brand name organisation - drive a technological transformation and create your legacy
6th in the 2019
AFR BOSS Most Innovative Companies Technology List
Tertiary qualifications in a Computer Science, Applied Statistics, Mathematics or a quantitative discipline
What is the role?
Required Skills
Your responsibilities as a Senior Data Engineer are as follows:
We’ve built a high-performance culture, and you can be sure we’ll hold you to those expectations.
You’ll be challenged to make the impossible possible.
There are thousands of graduates in the market, stand out from the crowd.
Carry out R&D projects relating to technology development, process development and optimisation; and product development.
You long to work in an environment which allows you to showcase your devotion to Data and all the tools & practices needed to achieve this
Working within an Agile environment.
About the Role
An openness to new ways of thinking and working
Want to know more?
To be considered for this role, submit your CV today by clicking the ‘Apply’ button or send your CV directly to perthit@psgaus.com.au or call me directly on 0892 547 014 for a confidential discussion.
Ensure repeatable, scalable processes are in place where relevant
Cochlear (ASX: COH) is an iconic Australian company, with a rich history and reputation for innovation and developing class leading technology in implantable hearing solutions. 
An exciting opportunity is available for a Marketing Business Analyst to support the Global Marketing Services team on a 12 month fixed term contract.
Corrective Services NSW (CSNSW) delivers professional correctional services and programs to reduce the risk of re-offending and enhance public safety.
It serves a key function of the NSW Justice sector by providing effective, safe and humane management of offenders both in custody and in the community CSNSW also works in partnership with other government and community agencies to ensure that offenders and their families are supported.
Experience using Content Manager or TRIM is desirable
Key datesThe Data School takes new consultants three times each year.
The starting dates for each round in Sydney are April, August and November.
Experience with agile or other rapid application development methods
The Junior Data Analyst will support the development, monitoring and evaluation of the performance of strategic Human Resource projects and priorities within the People & Culture Group and across the Department.
We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst at our Perth Office on a permanent basis. 
 Downer does not accept any unsolicited resume referrals from Recruitment Agencies. 
Experience applying Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery and Agile practices, unit & integration tests, and development practices.
Join the team of industry leaders in our Advanced Analytics Centre
Have demonstrated strong communication skills, both oral and written
Continually improve on data quality, and collation of data to    ensure accurate output for client reporting;
As this role expects you to work collaboratively with your team and offer solutions to HBF stakeholders, you will need exceptional communication and interpersonal skills with confidence in presenting recommendations and technical language in a simple and understandable manner.
Be inspired, every day
No recruiters please.
The position is responsible for examining financial records to determine sources or applications of funds and assisting in the calculation of fraud against the Agency, and reviewing compiled analysis to determine case direction, priorities and outcomes.
Experience in building data management solutions and working with the relevant data management software to handle large and complex data sets.
Stakeholder Relationship Management
Income protection insurance provided to support you in the event of non-work related illness or injury;
PowerBI, DAX
Partner with the executive team and senior managers to identify and iterate the most meaningful key initiatives and engage analytics to deliver world class solutions
To submit your application please click the 'Apply Now' button below. 
Our client is a Music Licensing organisation, they are a not for profit and just a really lovely environment where they employ people who are focussed on just making decent products.
As you will be engaging and collaborating with a variety of stakeholders both internally and externally, well-developed communication skills with the ability to foster professional relationships whilst building rapport and trust is a must.  
What you'll need to succeed To be successful in this role you will have:
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable ‘big data’ data stores.
Advanced Excel skills and working knowledge of data-base and SQL query software
We use entrepreneurial approaches that embrace technological disruption to reshape and ‘future-proof’ Department’s capabilities.
Our work is a key enabler of digital transformation within the Department through the application of technology, data, machine learning and artificial intelligence. 
Why Join Us:
Technical mentorship, training and management of internal resources and 3rd parties;
Strong programming skills in SAS and SQL.
Paxus values diversity and welcomes applications from Indigenous Australians, people from diverse cultural and linguistic backgrounds and people living with a disability.
If you require an adjustment to the recruitment process please contact me on the above contact details.
Manage Production deployments across the Azure and Power BI platforms.
Contribute to delivery of cross-team projects and initiatives via Agile methodologies
Please note that applications close on Saturday 11th December 2021.
Reporting to the Platform Lead, you will contribute to all phases of development program for the platform and work in a centre of excellence to add value to the quality of data consumed by Tabcorp, ensuring data and intelligence is of the highest quality on a global scale. 
A key focus of this role is to partner with business stakeholders and optimise all the reporting products and services across both governance reporting and self-service BI solution.
Strong functional understanding of data, ingestion, pipelines, modelling etc
We are also the consultants to our consultants, supporting the technology that supports them in the field and helping them tap into the huge range of tools, solutions and knowledge that Servian has available to accelerate their delivery, acting as a force multiplier for distributed teams across the world.
At Medibank, we believe work is something we do, not somewhere we go.
Our modes of working – Collaboration, Connection and Concentration – help inform how your day is structured and where you choose to work will vary, depending on your role and requirements.
Our client is a large Financial Services organisation on the lookout for a permanent Data Engineer with expertise in integration and datawarehousing solutions to work on their microsoft stack.
Tracking a range of property data variables
Salary / Rate
To be successful in this role, you will contribute to the development and operations of our new analytics platform that is fast and scalable.
We anticipate that to excel in this role you bring the following experience and technical skills:
Proven experience as a Business Analyst, Marketing/Campaign Analyst, Commercial Analyst or similar with advanced Excel (VBA) skills.
Flexible work arrangements are available.
Build the new data asset and data pipeline as per the downstream requirement.
e.g. The Dataset for Tableau will be different to the Dataset built for TM1 cubes.
Assisting with maintaining our remuneration database
Ability to maintain excellent records, including using technology and databases. 
Interrogate and interpret data to identify meaningful insights, patterns and trends
Well... no two days at Catch are alike, but you could probably expect your typical day to include some of the following things:
You will be required to collaborate with the Sales Analyst to:
Competitive remuneration, 17% super, salary packaging and leave loading
Exceptional Graphical / Statistical Report writing skills (Excel & Office)
Tronox is committed to building and retaining a diverse and inclusive workforce and encourage women and Indigenous Australians to apply. 
Solid experience of Microsoft SQL Server BI stack (MS SQL, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS)
Experience developing API’s (REST is required, streaming is preferable)
What the role will involve:
We pride ourselves on the culture we cultivate and rapidly establish partnerships based on honesty and trust.
This is tangible in how we operate and collaborate and is one of the driving forces as to why we have been so successful to date.
Conducting investigations and analysis to design solutions for projects and/or data system issues and the identification of potential improvements in data capture, linkage, transformation & flow.
Experience with big data tools such as Spark and Scala.
Become part of the story.
Get excited about joining a scaling business and contribute to the success!
Downer Group is an equal opportunity employer with a strong commitment to diversity.
We strongly encourage Females and Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples to apply.
Highly self-motivated and self-directed
Strong interpersonal skills to engage with people at all levels of the organisation and build strong relationship and trust with clients and internal stakeholders.
Location : Burwood + WFH
What's next
Excellent communication and coaching skills
As the pet industry continues to grow, and our pets are holding bigger spaces in our hearts and homes than ever before, Pet Circle will continue to thrive.
As a venture backed company, we have big goals for growth.
We’ve scaled from 100 to over 450 people in the last 24 months alone.
This is a unique opportunity in your career to be part of an exceptional growth story. 
Demonstrated commitment to delivery of outcomes, and a self-motivate positive and enthusiastic approach to achieving goals through effective team and individual work
A major Australian Brand in the Consumer Banking and Product space, are looking for multiple Senior Data Analysts to play a pivotal role in the Consumer Remediation team by providing critical data analytics and insights across key phases for multiple remediation projects across their portfolio.
Benefits of Working with Us
Tertiary degree or qualification in a relevant discipline 
Data and Systems Engineer
Strong organizational, communication and presentation skills
Please note that if your application progresses to the reference check stage, you may be required to submit a police check.
If your search returns a criminal record, Bunnings will assess whether the record impacts your ability to perform the key requirements of the role.
Coach and lead data engineers to take accountability for delivery, risks and issues.
Work type: Contract
Must have experience producing artefacts, prototypes, process models, and dealing with complex data sets, data platform/techniques and analytics solutions
As part of the Senior Leadership team, successful applicants will work closely with the Executive, SES, external partners and stakeholders to lead and inspire teams to deliver outcomes and champion the Organisation’s Values.
This includes providing timely and influential information to ASIO’s Executive.
Opportunities to learn and grow
Experience in configuring, querying and optimising queries on multiple Database platforms, such as Oracle, Teradata SQL Server. 
Previous experience in a data analysis role
Strong SQL Server T-SQL knowledge including experience managing spatial data. 
Develop pipelines in Azure Data Factory to extract and load data from various sources to Azure SQL and Azure Data Lake
ETL Processes
Discounted gym
Business Intelligence solutions utilising Power BI and others such as Qlik and Tableau
All La Trobe University employees are bound by the Working with Children Act 2005.  
If you are successful, you will be required to hold a valid Victorian Employee Working with Children Check prior to commencement.
A competitive salary
CI/CD using GIT or SVN is preferred
THE OPPORTUNITY  
Leave for all of life’s reasons (vacation/annual, paid parental, sick leave).
Work with Category Managers, Planogram Planners and Merchandise Managers to provide range recommendations

Flexible working conditions 

Liaise with solutions architects, data analysts, DataOps, business analysts, data scientists and other developers to ensure all deliveries are supported by the correct architectural implementation.
Provide expert advice and guidance on data quality-related activities.
This is a unique role, requiring an entrepreneurial mindset and used to working on greenfield projects.
There will be growth opportunities as the team expands, working on some really exciting new products for a company with excellent processes.
Attention to detail and excellent problem-solving skills
Manage & analyse replenishment data & provide insights and recommendations on changes to schedules in particular frequency
Knowledge and experience in the use of Database and BI technologies
You will have an outstanding track record in another retail business with demonstrated success in your previous role as a merchandise analyst or pricing analyst with a strong focus on revenue and profitability.  
A proven track record in using appropriate analytical processes and solutions to manage several categories with a large number of products.
Education assistance
An exciting opportunity currently exists for an enthusiastic and highly experienced full time Grade 4 Scientist, Molecular Microbiology.
The scientist will be responsible to the General Manager (Operations) operationally, and report to the Microbiologist(s) in regard to Austin Molecular Microbiology diagnostic testing.
Initially, the focus of this role will be on the performance of SARS-CoV-2 testing, implementation of related testing platforms and service deliverables to assist the Austin Health COVID response, but over time, as rates of testing for SARS-CoV-2 decrease, the focus of the role will shift to the development and management of other molecular microbiology tests.
In view of this, the role will involve development of a collaborative working relationship with staff in both the molecular diagnostic service and the microbiology service, along with other areas of Austin Health Pathology, including regional laboratories.
Work with internal stakeholders to design flexible data marts that are accurate, easy to use and perform well to deliver insights and operational reporting to the business.
Apply online www.huonaqua.com.au/careers
Expert knowledge of data visualisation principles and techniques 
The position is based in the Sydney CBD.
To find out more about us, list http://www.guerdonassociates.com/.
Access to REACH My Best - free holistic wellbeing coaching, nutritional, financial and legal advice, and confidential counselling
At AIA we do things differently to make a healthy difference in people’s lives.
That difference starts with every individual at AIA.
We provide an environment and culture that helps our people live
well and enjoy a meaningful life, at work and at home.
We’re serious about helping people live Healthier, Longer, Better Lives by encouraging them to make positive lifestyle changes one step at a time.
If you want to make a healthy difference everyday - for yourself and others - then we want to hear from you.
Support the Perth Data Management and Analysis team in further integrating company data systems
We are bold, imaginative, respectful and compassionate. 
Troubleshoot and debug issues across complex OS environments, issues in test & deployment, support, and production instances
Ensure integrity of data and adequate system performance for developed solution; plan and conduct unit testing
Contribute techniques from machine learning towards improved automated trading systems. 
maintain and support existing system/technology to support day-to-day operation
Recommending appropriate, modern data technologies to meet business requirements; and
Apply expert knowledge to critically assess accuracy and completeness of data sets to ensure they are fit for purpose for business and client reporting
Collaborative, creative, open to learning, a strong communicator
Competitive salary plus 11% Superannuation
Bachelor’s degree
Implement data validation process, security and control to ensure accuracy and integrity of data;
Previous experience with database design and modelling
Working knowledge of database structure, reporting and analysis software and the collection and extraction of data.
Strong mentorship and development; opportunity to collaborate with some of the brightest and best minds in Australia
ASIO provides a number of benefits to its staff including:
Experience with technologies like AWS EMR to support ETL processing on large data sources or with computationally intensive steps (parallelization, Hadoop, Spark, etc.)
(preferred)
Autonomously or as part of a project team
Gather, analyse and document data migration requirements - communicating the desired outcome of the data migration.
Demonstrated experience with the following technologies SQL, Microsoft Power BI and advanced Excel reporting skills
Successful Data Scientist will have:
Duration:
Initially 4months with a possible extension
Excellent organisational and communication skills combined with clear analytical thinking
Strong analytical and problem-solving capability, with the ability to multi-task.
Advanced Excel skills and confidence with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Power BI
Location
Urbis is a firm that truly values its people and provides a broad range of benefits which include:
Instincts for identifying, documenting and mitigating risks
Experience with integration applications – Biztalk, XML, EDI, API’s
An inclusive team culture that promotes collaboration and innovation at their core
Please note: applications will only be considered for candidates who have the right to work in Australia / New Zealand without restriction or sponsorship.
An amazing team culture with an emphasis on autonomy, collaboration and getting the job done whilst still having fun
Interesting, varied, and challenging work with well-defined career pathways. 
Leverage BI tools to improve reporting through automation and visualisation
Need more information:
Previous experience with Xero, Upvise, Assignar or any software that supported construction operations is a big plus as well!
Permanent full-time position
Conduct analysis and reporting of road safety data to provide insight into fatality and serious injury statistics
Collaborative, articulate and persuasive
Working knowledge of modern cloud data warehouse architecture and technologies
Be empowered and have a voice
PySpark/Python
What you'll need
Ability to communicate with stakeholders to gather business requirements
Applicants should have exposure across several of the following technologies and disciplines, and be able to demonstrate how they used them to generate business value:
Sponsored certifications across all our partner technology vendors. 
Display initiative, problem solving and analytical skills including an ability to apply established principles in a pathology laboratory and investigate and resolve general and complex issues within the laboratory environment
Experience building real time data pipelines from ingestion to delivery in critical data applications (like AWS Kinesis, Spark)
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
As a Senior Data Engineer with at least 5 years of experience under your belt, you will architect, design, and implement data pipelines, support the productionisation of predictive analysis and complex modelling.
You will play a significant role in delivering and implementing solutions across the company.  
You will be joining an already diverse team of talented and energetic individuals.
Communication - Honest, clear and respectful
Top 10 #linkedintopstartups
An entrepreneurial spirit - willing to hustle on ground and build the business from the ground upwards
Based in Victoria, you will be responsible for selling Energy Cables and accessories to the Electrical wholesalers.
Good knowledge of Linux as Hadoop runs on Linux.
Be the initial operations point-of-contact for supply and demand
Hold a strong focus on delivery and the right attitude and approach towards any challenges
Birthday leave
If you are a looking to build your career as a Business Analyst, this is for you!
Click the 'Apply Now' button!
The Graduate Business Analyst role, you working with multiple projects and stakeholders within the Banking domain.
You will have the opportunity to work with a digital projects that thrives to support development, diversity within the workplace.
You will be a part of an invested, energized, curious team and have the courage and support to deliver innovative outcomes for our business.
If your skills and experience are what we need please ensure your cover letter & resume are articulate, clear and demonstrate your experience and understanding of the role. 
Please submit your resume and cover letter to hr@studyspace.com.au [link removed] if you believe you fit this role, we look forward to hearing from you.
With respect no agencies please.
The OpportunityWe are seeking experienced Data Analyst’s to join our in-house team.
Operating as part of our newly structured squads, this role will work in collaboration with Data Engineers, Data Quality and Information Management specialists and Data Scientists to develop, implement and maintain exceptional data analysis, reporting, dashboard and insight outcomes for HBF.
This role will report to our Head of Insights, Analytics and Data Science.
ii.
Stream Analytics 
If you have a passion for learning new technologies, want to deliver real client impact and work with like-minded technologists, Hypetap is the place to grow your career and have fun in the process!
Ability to plan work to meet deadlines
Minimum 2 years of Development experience using Hadoop eco system tools & utilities:
MapReduce, Spark, Kafka, Sqoop, Impala, Hive etc
Work with software vendors and system Integrator partners to provide technical expertise while participating in Azure data project designs.
Balance building new features with maintaining and improving the core of the system.
Conduct regular maintenance and improvements to queries and databases
The Institute of Railway Technology (IRT), headquartered at Monash University in Melbourne, are the premier track and vehicle research centre in Australia.
We provide world leading solutions in the areas of track design and maintenance, rollingstock assessments, wheel-rail interface design, modelling and real-time condition monitoring. 
For further information and to submit an application please refer to Department of HealthApplications 15 December 2021 at 11:30pm AEST.
We use MongoDB, ElasticSearch, Redis and Athena
Liaise with Subcontractors and Suppliers to source and ensure integrity of data related to meeting SPI contractual requirements
So, what are you waiting for?
Knowledge, skills, and experience
Location of work
This is a Category A High Risk position.
All Category A High Risk applicants must read and understand NSW Health Policy Directive  PD2020_017 Occupational Assessment, Screening and Vaccination Against Specified Diseases.
All recruits must agree to comply with the requirements outlined in this policy.
All recruits must provide evidence against specified diseases and comply with the requirements of this policy at their own cost prior to appointment.
Please submit applications in Word format only by 12:00pm Friday 10 December 2021
Creativity - the goal is delivering outcomes.
You’ll need creativity to deliver those outcomes in meaningful, digestible forms
Provide proactive support to senior management through the timely preparation and provision of information, briefs, reports, presentations and advice that facilitates better decision making
We provide employees with Life Insurance, Income Protection Insurance, and access to an Employee Assistance Program. 
What we are looking for / About you
For further information please call our client manager Iain Cameron or one of our Consultants on 0262010100
Collaborate and share knowledge with other members of the team to ensure we are always evolving our collective skills and staying on the cutting-edge
Employment Type: 
Temporary Full Time up to July 2022Position Classification: 
Snr Hospital Scientist
I/C of SectionRemuneration: $1,964.64 - $2,086.80 per week plus superannuationHours Per Week: 38Requisition ID: REQ273991Location:
LiverpoolApplications Close: 12 December 2021 - 11:59pm
Who is Sidekicker
Education:
Solid understanding of SDLC principles, agile frameworks such as Scrum and Kanban including Continuous Delivery practices. 
Ability to create a good ongoing working relationship with energy retailers.
We are seeking an Industrial Engineer with vast experience in tailoring end-to-end data solutions to support the development and implementation of centralized business intelligence processes, report and systems that assist in effective business decisions. 
Aon - Best Employer in Australia for four years running.
Minimum 4+ years knowledge and skills of data extraction and analysis from large customer bases such as SQL, Teradata
Monitoring the market and reporting on industry trends, hot topics etc.
Your Responsibilities
Barton Location 
Great communication skills and the ability to support others who aren't familiar with data
AWS OR Azure Technologies (Particularly AWS Redshift, Lambda, DynamoDB, EMR, Athena, Glue, Kinesis etc.)
Responding to ad hoc people queries where required
Start Date : 24 Jan 2021
Tertiary Qualification in Data Science or related field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Actuarial Studies, Science or Engineering.
Other members of the DnA team (architects, data engineers, data scientists, insight analysts)
Data governance, architecture & data modeling experience
HBF reserves the right to close the role and commence shortlisting prior to the advertised close date.
About the opportunity 
Previous experience in data analytic roles
Process large volumes of data from various internal and external data sources
You will have deep industry experience in banking, Fintech or highly regulated markets.
Experience of working in cross-functional teams
The REA experience  
The physical, mental, emotional and financial health of our people is something we'll never stop caring about.
This is a place to learn and grow.
We're committed to your development - both professionally and personally.
Your experience with us is something we take seriously.   
We offer:
Experience in design and implementing ETL data pipelines using spark and OOZIE
At Powerlink, we are an equal opportunity employer and proud to be a Work180 Endorsed Employer for Women.
Founded in 1853, the University of Melbourne is Australia’s #1 university, and is consistently ranked amongst the leading universities in the world.
We are proud of our people, our commitment to research and teaching excellence, and our global engagement.
About Department of Social Work
Top 20 Workplaces for Dads in 2019 and 2020 (HBF Direct Advice for Dads)
We currently have an exciting opportunity within the team for a curious and meticulous
Senior and/or Lead Data Scientist.
The role serves as a modelling and data science partner for assigned business areas responsible for the scientific integrity of work products, including study design, research methodology, and the deployment of statistical approaches and modelling.
Moreover, it will play an influential role within the team, providing thought leadership and technical guidance to peers.
How to apply:
Experience working with data collection & manipulation.
Skills
Integration experience, leveraging complex data sources
- Experience working with data structures and data warehouse
Experience in interpreting, visualising and communicating complex data to facilitate collaborative decision-making driving cross-functional business outcomes.
Clear communicator who can manage stakeholder expectations
There has never been a more exciting time to join the Catch Team!!
Knowledge of security, encryption, and authentication technologies.
 If you have relevant experience, please submit your latest CV and we will be in touch shortly!
VBA
Key Attributes
Reflections is seeking a Business Analyst to join the team to contribute to the improvement of business analysis, systems development, and lead business improvements.
Starting in January 2022, this role will be active in a program of business system upgrades and improvements. 
Even better: 
Work with technology outside the Data Systems Engineering Craft - most likely some front-end development with React and Ruby on Rails.
Prepare, maintain, and review technical support documentation.
Current National criminal history check, or willing to obtain.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills
Experience working across multiple deployment environments including cloud, on premise and hybrid.
We do not just use the standard reactivate RFQ approach recruitment.
With our top candidates, we reverse traditional recruiting models so you are the focus of our recruiting efforts; we tailor our service to ensure we find you the best possible fit.
·       AI (artificial intelligence and machine learning),
For more information or a confidential discussion, please contact Ryan at ryan.ching@peoplebank.com.au quoting reference 241533.
If you are interested in Growing a Better World Together please follow the link and apply online or visit www.rabobank.com.au/careers
Keyword optimisation
We’re committed to helping you build your career.
With the support of your manager, let’s start a conversation about making your next move.
Ability to manage multiple priorities, assess and adjust quickly to changing priorities.
In addition to this, you will: 
You will be working on exciting and interesting projects, working with our clients to understand their needs and to help shape the engagements that allow Servian to provide services that will meet those needs.  
Provide analytical support and recommendations to enhance campaign and program effectiveness, and to inform strategic, tactical and operational decisions
Tertiary qualifications and/or equivalent experience in a relevant discipline (computer science, engineering, statistics, economics, business analytics, data science, IT)        
Expert knowledge of SQL/PL-SQL programming.
Ability to deploy Hadoop cluster, add and remove nodes, keep track of jobs, monitor critical parts of the cluster, configure name-node high availability, schedule and configure it and take backups.

Paid parental leave (4 weeks) and maternity leave (12 weeks)   

Uniting is proud to be an EEO employer.
Uniting supports an inclusive approach in the workplace.
We celebrate our diversity and welcome staff regardless of ethnicity, faith, sexual orientation, gender identity, and lifestyle choices.
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.
Advanced SQL skills with the ability to develop efficient queries of varying complexity
Commendable skills in troubleshooting complex deployment and environment issues, perform daily Extract Transform Load (ETL) processes (SSIS/BTEQ/SSIS Catalog),server management tasks, improve quality/efficiency of existing ETL processes.
Flexible working arrangements (office / remote), various locations in Australia
Ever wanted to create the workplace you feel you belong in?
Ensuring that requirements are understood through story kick offs and constant communication using a variety of analysis and documentation techniques including the application of visualisation techniques to underpin joint understanding of processes and data;
For over 40 years, water authorities and councils across Australia have relied on ADS Environmental Services to accurately measure their wastewater system performance, and ensure they meet EPA requirements and prevent sewer overflows.
They trust ADS to deliver the information they need to accurately calibrate hydraulic models necessary to deliver accurate information about their wastewater network. 
SIG is not accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms.
All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at SIG via-email, the internet or directly without a valid written search agreement will be deemed the sole property of SIG, and no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Susquehanna.
Demonstrable knowledge of BI and data warehousing concepts
Are you a curious Data Engineer who has a passion for data?  
Do you seek to be part of a team that has a disruptive view about data and analytics?  
You understand data is one of the most important assets of an organisation and you believe in continuous improvement through data insights.  
You are driven to promote an innovative mindset with real life use cases for digital twins, computer vision and machine learning.
Ability to work in a responsible and efficient manner and to manage competing priorities to meet deadlines
A high standard of written and verbal English
Support the development and execution of engaging high-quality marketing and communication campaigns
Support data sourcing, data integration and data standardization activities
Together, our differences make us stronger
The Big Data Delivery team is part of Coles’ larger Tech, Engineering, and Data division.
The team’s main objective is to build cloud driven automation solutions and are the driving force to Coles’ Enterprise Data Platform (EDP) infrastructure and services.
As a member of a small but growing team, the Data Scientist will be involved at every stage of our “data value chain” from identification, collection and cleaning, through to analysis, insight generation and decision making about future data use.
The City of Wanneroo complies with all State Government public health orders and directives related to COVID19  Mandatory vaccination of critical workers in WA.  
Applicants and current employees must therefore be willing to provide evidence of their vaccination status as requested by the City in order to continue to comply with all State Government public health orders and directives, current and as they may change from time to time.
Oversee strategies and governance planning for data governance at YVW
We’re Judo Bank.
A challenger bank, built on old-fashioned values like integrity, trusted relationships and an enterprising spirit.
Born out of a desire to reinvent the craft of relationship banking to the Small to Medium Enterprise (SME) market, and to challenge the status quo in a market dominated by the four major banks.
We started out as a PowerPoint and a vision to make a difference in Australian business banking.
Fast forward four years
and we are a profitable bank, with a team of 300 people (and counting!)
and the family spirit of any start-up.
We’re here to support Australian SMEs with a business built on trusted relationships, both with our customers and our fellow team members.
Experience in database design, data modelling, mapping and analysis.
Sound knowledge on Spark Query tuning and performance optimization.
We are an iconic Australian owned global retail organisation that includes Australia’s most successful retailers encompassing the Spotlight, Harris Scarfe, Mountain Designs & Anaconda brands
As a member of the Engineering Team, proactively share learnings, experience and skills to further the capability and productivity of the team
Good to Know
Developing and maintaining reports that assess the effectiveness of pricing decisions and the financial health of the portfolio
Experience in working in an Agile framework supporting CI/CD using modern DevOps / Data Ops integrated processes.
Qualifications / Certifications / Experience in either: PowerBi, Tableau   
The ideal candidate should have work experience in systems engineering, preferably with prior exposure to financial markets and with proven working knowledge in the fields of Linux administration, orchestration and automation tools, systems hardware architecture as well as storage and data protection technologies.
Be quick to apply!
Applications will be reviewed as they are received and may close before the listed closing date.
Sound understanding of legislation, policies and requirements that impact the laboratory environment including work health and safety and privacy requirements
MySQL
At Hollard you will be part of a supportive, valued and committed team.
You will enjoy a challenging and rewarding work environment, career progression opportunities and great staff benefits and corporate discounts.
We also offer many benefits to support your professional development and wellbeing including:
Build new and optimized data pipelines, assets to meet the end-user requirements.
The Data pipelines must adhere to all the architecture, design and engineering principles.
Do you have two years
+
Business Analysis experience looking for a role with a leading telco on a digital project?
Proven ability to work in a team
Benefit from variety and balance.
Combine your thought-leading approach and hands-on expertise as you collaborate on projects across our businesses.
Owning your craft, this role allows you to find the right balance between stretch and sustainability, work and life.
Now, about this role...
Configure data capture forms to ensure seamless tracking across multiple channels for demonstrable ROI
Facilitate the production of survey data reports which identify and communicate key insights and learnings
5+ years' experience as a BA in digital product delivery
Get inspired – Check out Tableau Public Gallery, there are brilliant examples for you to look at and research.
AGL is changing and with change comes great opportunity
Collate, extract, cleanse and manage data from multiple sources to bring together insights and to ensure data integrity
Python, Scala, R
Demonstrated experience with the implementation of quality improvement and risk management including an understanding of the relevant legislative and regulatory requirements in healthcare
Designing and implementing database structures and dimensional models that align with Adairs architectural standards
The position will suit a self-motivated individual who demonstrates an attention to detail, a can do attitude, and a strong focus on outstanding customer service.
Working at Yarra Valley Water
Flexible leave offerings, including opportunities to purchase additional leave
Optimism & Determination 
A proven good work ethic and ability to multitask will suffice.
An understanding of Laboratory practises in a GMP setting would be highly regarded.
Expertise in cloud service preferably AWS
Value sharing knowledge and helping to build other skills and experience.
Sidekicker is one of Australia’s most exciting home-grown startups.
IT Service desk Support to staff and customers with key banking applications including Core Banking, Lending Origination, Internet Banking, Mobile Application and Payment Services through the service desk
Integrate new data management technologies and software engineering tools into existing structures
2 – 4 years relevant work experience in statistical modelling, advanced analytics and/or deep learning within a relevant industry.
Preferably in an ML Ops settings
Compiling the necessary technical documentation to help communicate the solution to a range of stakeholders.
Four months of classroom training
Demonstrated experience with SQL queries and stored procedures.
Capability of debugging data flows and stored procedures for ETL and data lineage purposes in case of unexpected results.
Use SQL to solve data problems and answer data questions across a wide range of issues and clients
Exosome biology, biomarker isolation and analytics, protein purification and conjugation experience
The OUC is responsible for ensuring a seamless experience from unit design to unit delivery and will ensure the quality of units with internal teams at OES, be a key point of contact for partner university academics and manage and coach the Online Learning Advisors (OLAs).
Supportive environment with one-on-one training
Tronox is seeking a data scientist vacation student based at our Chandala Synthetic Rutile Processing Plant in Muchea, WA on a 3 month maximum term contract.
Convey your work and results to a wide variety of internal and external stakeholders 
We currently have an exciting opportunity available as a permanent full time Medical Laboratory Scientist at our Cooma Hospital Laboratory.
SEEKer Support, offering mental/physical wellbeing counselling
WEHI is working to create a future where Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples will be engaged at the scientific frontier, making exciting discoveries and decisions about the future of health in this country, and part of a leading professional services workforce supporting the realisation of these discoveries.
We are committed to creating a culturally safe workplace and offering career development and leadership opportunities to First Nations staff and students.
We strongly encourage any Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples to apply.
You’ve worked with cloud-based ETL tools
Specific knowledge of any of the following schemes/areas would be an advantage:
o Knowledge of employment services data
o
Proven understanding of government processes o Experience and understanding in managing government procurement and financial processes
o Experience with reporting and data analysis  To be considered for this role
you must be an Australian Citizen and have the ability to obtain and maintain a Government Security Clearance at the Baseline level or higher.  
What you'll get in return In return for your dedication and drive
you'll be rewarded with:
The roles will be based at our HQ in Melbourne.
You will form part of a high performing and energetic team who are driven to achieve results. 
Please note: As part of this selection process, a merit pool will be established and may be used to fill similar Senior Director positions over the next 12 months.
We’re scaling up our Customer Insights and Marketing Analytics team at THE ICONIC and we’re on the hunt for savvy insights professionals to come and join our high-performing team.
You’ll be surrounded by like minded colleagues who are customer obsessed data-lovers and are always striving for growth through continuous improvement and learning.
What we offer:
Good interpersonal skills – Able to work effectively in a team comprising both IT and business experts.
Ability to engage stakeholders and business users at all levels.
Work collaboratively with data scientists to deploy analytics and machine learning models into production systems
The purpose of this role is to help drive the customer first culture by collecting customer insights through strategic market research and communicating insights to the business in a compelling way to drive action. 
The role will support several Research Managers in the team to deliver high-quality customer insights.
It is a hands-on role supporting & managing the day-to-day project management of ongoing & Adhoc research programs.
Your curiosity for customer behaviour coupled with your analytical capability will see you effectively identifying & communicating meaningful insights from data and qualitative research.
This is a fantastic opportunity to collaborate with experienced research professionals and partner with both internal stakeholders & leading external research partners to deepen your research & analytical capabilities.
Excellent documentation skills 
Present results to business, customers and partners
Experience work with Data Lake - 50%
A keen focus on minimising the impacts that a technology project can have on the end user experience
High level of proficiency with design and build of observable data ingestion pipelines including serialisation, transformation, enrichment and store.
The successful candidate
Due to continual success and increased digital needs of BHP’s Local Buying Program, C-Res has a new role opening in our Digital Innovations team for a Junior Business Analyst in our Mackay Head Office. 
Capable in creating the confluence document.
Understanding of resource provisioning via Infrastructure as Code
Discount on our health insurance, travel, car, home, contents, and pet insurance products as well as Bupa services such as Dental and Optical
To succeed in this role, you will bring professional experience working in a similar Consultant Data Analytics and Insights role in Marketing, preferably within the financial services industry, coupled with unwavering drive and motivation to succeed in fast paced, at times ambiguous and complex environment and have:
Proven experience with ML, deep learning, Tensorflow, Python, NLP
And do you want to further develop your analytical skills and interact with senior leaders of the business? 
Experience with analytical mining software such as Deswik, Surpac, Vulcan, Minesolve, PointStudio, i-Site, etc.
(Desirable)
What we can offer
Role: Data Analyst (fixed term until 30 June 2022)
Social events, skill-sharing, and networking opportunities
or a copy of the PD please email sam.beeny@davidsonwp.com.
To apply, please click on the "apply now" button or for a confidential discussion, please contact 0403 234 493.
Additional:
Our culture of learning is an environment that supports and encourages the collective discovery, sharing and application of knowledge.
This helps us to continually improve, achieve goals and attain new possibilities every day.
From our ways of working and collaboration to our growth mindset and sustainable approach, we each add unique value and have an incredible amount of fun doing it!
To read more about our purpose, mission and principles, please visit our Careers page: https://www.theiconic.com.au/playbook/careers
Demonstrated experience in working as part of a team maintaining and supporting a wide range of platforms in Azure Cloud.
Work proactively and as the key support person for the SPI team members in delivery of SPI initiatives and priorities as required
Good data architectural skills
genU is committed to providing accessible, inclusive and equitable recruitment processes for all candidates. 
For further details about the role of if you would like to discuss reasonable adjustments during the recruitment process please contact Carlee Baxter on 0487 075 901 or at carlee.baxter@genu.org.au 
Proven ability to simplify data and translate results to provide actionable insights and meaningful recommendations
Minimum of three (3) year’s relevant experience.
Shapelets or motif discovery
Professional written and verbal communication with a focus on attention to detail 
At Wesfarmers, we believe in measuring success through impact.
Our achievements are deeply rooted in the desire to continually reinvent ourselves for the brands we stand behind, destinations that many Aussie's call home.
Think retailers like Bunnings, Kmart, Target, Catch, and Officeworks.
Our work doesn’t stop there though, we also operate in the industrial sector which supplies the nation with chemicals, energy, and fertilizers, and industrial and safety products. 
Power BI Developer
The demand for great data analysts and data scientists has never been higher than it is today.
There simply aren't enough to fill the positions being advertised.
No Agency assistance required at this time.  
Olympus Australia is an Equal Opportunity Employer
In this role you will:
Experience in setting up and managing data on AWS (AWS cloud certification is a plus).
Build and maintain data driven information retrieval models, experiments, recommendation algorithms, and machine learning models
The way we work
Git/Any other VCS
Provide clear and appropriately detailed handover notes to team leads and other team members when necessary.
Work on a wide range of interesting projects, using a variety of emerging technologies.
This is a chance to work alongside a collaborative and passionate like-minded team in an environment that fosters proactive career development through structured learning and development, and multiple avenues for growth.
Our Defence and Social Infrastructure team service the Australian Defence Force by providing strategic asset maintenance for all assets pertaining to its social infrastructures.
This includes creating maintenance plans that originates from data received from the client.
A top 100 ASX listed Company – be part of our transformation
Highly effective and flexible work prioritisation skills, including the ability to maintain a forward work program and the ability to coordinate multiple tasks, to strict deadlines; and
You need to be able to work in Australia
Advanced application knowledge of MS Word, Excel & PP
Develop a comprehensive working knowledge of all things Data, and take your place as a subject matter expert. 
Attention to detail and a fervent belief in a Duty of Care to our clients
Excellent understanding of data standard industry data modelling tools including Erwin Depth of understanding in database design, including conceptualization to database optimization
About usAt Auto & General (A&G), we provide smarter products and solutions to safeguard our customers in their time of need.
Our range of general insurance products protect customers on the road, at home and on holiday with various Car, Motorcycle, Home, Contents, Pet and Travel Insurance products as well as Roadside Assistance.
Our culture of ‘high performance with high integrity’ underpins our values and the way we interact with our customers, the community and each other.
We’re excited about the future and we’re always on the lookout for talented, passionate individuals who can help us achieve our goal of being Australia’s best insurer!
If this sounds like you, apply today.
Visit our website [link removed] to find out more.
The role
Experience in Snowflake
experienced with DevOps approaches.
Join us as we continue to transform.
In this role you will directly contribute to enhancing our Cloud Data capability by bridging the gap between architecture and engineering.
You’ll join a great go-getting team at the start of a large GCP sponsored initiative where you will provide teams with technical leadership.
This is a great role as you will get exposure to working across a range of initiatives at the bank such as our Data Lake, Cloud Data Analytics and BigQuery.
Acting as a point of reference to guide and advise junior members of the team to ensure sharing of knowledge and best practice
Capable to Analyse trends, behaviours and results
Providing both ongoing and ad hoc reporting, analysis, and insights in a timely manner
A positive, proactive and proven stakeholder engagement and collaboration approach.
Exposure in the Electrical distribution industry is highly desirable.
Digital focus but role where you can get involved in all aspects of marketing
The Independent Hospital Pricing Authority’s (IHPA) vision is to design pricing systems that promote safe, efficient public hospital care for all Australians.
Expected to communicate and consult with clients directly and will be responsible for compiling and presenting data solutions and designs.
Be Yourself @ UoM
This organisation is a top player in the Australian FMCG industry.
Employing thousands within their space.
This is a fantastic opportunity to join a global brand name whilst reporting into a collaborative and supportive leader with endless possibilities of carer progressionApplyIf this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the "apply" link below.
The reference number for this role is ML40138.
Please allow for 3 - 5 working days for us to process all the applications.
All applicants will receive feedback from us, either via email or a telephone call.
Mucpharm is a specialized oncology company focused on the treatment of mucin-containing and secreting cancers.
Our company was established by a group of clinicians and scientists, who specialize in treating patients with advanced cancers of the peritoneum. 
Proven experience to own and deliver analytical projects to tight timeline.
work with internal customers to better understand their needs and improve on the data analysis provided to clients
So why not come with us on our transformation journey and see where a career with HBF can take you?
Preferred candidates will be required to complete pre-employment screening, including a national police check and misconduct screening.
Previous experience within General Insurance is highly advantageous;
We have an incredibly passionate team, a leading brand, 700,000 customers and growing, and we’re only just getting started!  
Experience in reading and understanding complex reports
IMPORTANT:
By submitting your email address and any other personal information when you APPLY to a job, you consent to such information being collected, held, used and disclosed in accordance with our COLLECTIONS NOTICE and PRIVACY POLICY.
Elasticsearch (Elastic Stack or Open Distro)
Now is your chance to join a highly engaged workforce and make a positive impact on the experience of our students.
An exciting opportunity exists for a Junior Research Assistant to join the team within The Ritchie Centre for a 12 month maternity cover, reporting to Professor Graeme Polglase and Professor Stuart Hooper.
Strong experience with data extraction and reporting from IT Service Management tools, Data warehouse and monitoring tools.
Excellent time management and organisational skills.
Apply best practices and be self-motivating to keep up with emerging technologies
Preferred Qualifications
Be involved in driving standardisation, quality, and automation of the data.
A genuine interest and passion to learn and develop new skills
What’s involved...
Working as a part of our Data team you will work with the broader IT team in advising the business and delivering the functional requirements of Data Analytics & Reporting projects.
Help you grow both technical and consulting skills.
Practical experience in SQL, Python, R and Power BI
Expertise to design and deliver data ingestion and serving pipelines with multiple cloud services and data providers. 
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Training and Development to help propel your career both in technical and soft skills
Elevate your career in a high exposure role with a broad remit
What Suncorp will offer in return:
Private equity backed, Questas Group operates throughout Australia and employs 700+ people.
Questas Group businesses include Berendsen Fluid Power, The Hydraulic Warehouse, CCA Hardchrome, Beasley's Hydraulic Services, Water Dynamics, Malcolm Thompson Pumps, Nordon Cylinders, Swanson Industries, Meadow Industries, EPG Engines, Aussie Fluid Power, Hardchrome Sales and Rathmann Engineering.
Investigate new data and machine learning technologies
Deliver on the build and maintenance of the data assets and visualisation required to ensure consistent, automated measurement across marketing.  
Create and maintain reports and planning tools that enable quick and effective decision making
IMP NOTE :
All Government roles have submission deadline
Develop, test, and deploy code to a high standard in a variety of programming environments
Passionate people are Capgemini's Ace of Spades - join us to discover a career that will challenge, support and inspire you.
Working at Capgemini you'll find the rewards are more than just financial.
You will work alongside some very smart and inspiring people on exciting projects and you will also enjoy incredible benefits.  
We offer flexible work practices and 40 hours of self-development every year with a huge selection of learning opportunities to choose from. 
Capgemini constantly aims for excellence in its operations and the employee experience it provides.
In line with our Purpose, Flexible Working aims to improve the overall people experience by providing an optimal work-life balance, more autonomy and freedom in when, where and how we work.
The Department of Jobs, Precincts and Regions (DJPR) has an exciting opportunity for an experienced Data and Systems Engineer to be part of the Technology and Insights team at Jobs Victoria.
Guide and support the DevOps Engineer and Backend Developer team members, providing mentorship and training opportunities.
For further enquiries please contact Alison Forbes via email Alison_Forbes@worksafe.vic.gov.au
Our advocacy for members ensures we stay united as a profession, securing the profile, funding, support, and recognition to allow us to continue advancing dentistry. 
COVID-19 vaccination
Since listing on the ASX in 2017, we have grown our annualised recurring revenue (ARR) from $19 million in FY17 to a forecast of $105 - $111 million in FY22, growing our people from 92 employees to over 600.
What’s truly exciting is that this is what we achieved in just four years.
5 or more years working with Azure data tooling, SQL, PowerShell, .net, SOAP or Restful web services, JavaScript, XML, Git or a similar version control / source code management tool is desired.
Keep current on trends, market conditions, product development, and other information related to new and used vehicles
Employment Type: 
Full time Good things start hereThis could be the very first step towards an exciting new career with us – a fresh beginning.
At the Coles Group, these are moments we live for.
Starting good things is what drives our purpose: to sustainably feed all Australians so they can lead healthier, happier lives.
With a team of 120,000 people and an iconic portfolio of Australia’s most trusted brands, we’re perfectly positioned to turn a promising start into a whole lot more. 
Experience working with API’s will be highly regarded
Please view the full position description here  
Enquiries should be directed to: Donna Li STP & infrastructure coordinator at 9508 3427  Closing date:
15th December 2021
OZ Minerals - a Modern Mining Company
Drive the migration of investment data from Xplan to ADDEPAR
10 ViacomCBS recognises Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as Australia’s First Peoples, and the Traditional Custodians of the land where we live and work.
We pay our respects to Elders, past, present and emerging, and we are proud to live in a country which is home to the world’s oldest living cultures.
At 10 ViacomCBS, there is no such thing as the 'perfect candidate’  
3+ years of experience in OBIEE as a Reporting Analyst
LANDMARKS prides itself on using tech that is cutting edge and scalable, enabling a small team to punch far above their weight.
With this we are able to handle the influx of data from millions of devices concurrently, process it at scale into insights, and serve it on-demand to our clients.
Analyse and communicate business needs by translating business requirements into software/technical requirements for automation
The PeopleBench crew are a diverse and passionate collective of professionals with professional backgrounds in international consulting houses, the finance sector, education systems and government agencies.
Today, we are joined in our ambition to transform education through better decisions, better workforces and better student outcomes.
Every day, our people play a vital role in our purpose to ‘create extraordinary places, connecting and enriching communities.’
...
Please click Apply for this job or use the following link to apply: https://www.fdmgroup.com/en-au/au-careers/graduates/technical-analysis-graduate-program/
Data Warehousing & Modelling - Developing, designing and maintaining data warehousing solutions for storing operational and performance data for genU using Microsoft Azure data analytical tools
Mapping business processes and consulting with stakeholders on process improvement initiatives.
You should:
You are detail oriented with great analytical skills and are very organised.
 i. Data Factory 
The opportunity to really contribute to the education of leading medical professionals, nationally.
Manage workload to ensure deadlines are met and display superior time management skills in managing competing priorities
Our Australia Pacific Data & Analytics team has evolved over the past 4 years since its inception, growing to 50+ team members to transform the insurance industry and QBE as a business.
We have leveraged technologies and produced creative solutions to offer the best-in-class digitised processes and experience for our customers. 
What a day will look like:  
Awareness of security and governance principles as related to data engineering such as role and access management, permission management, data security
Sharing approaches and best practices across the organisation 
Assist or lead in design, development, operation and optimization of biologic separation technology and processes;
Manage, coordinate and resource the Programme of Projects.
Confident writing reports and presenting to audiences at all levels
You must be currently located in Melbourne, Australia, and have unrestricted work rights to apply for this role.  
Please attach your CV with your cover letter when applying. 
Fugro is the world's leading, independent provider of geo-intelligence and asset integrity solutions for large constructions, infrastructure, and natural resources.  
We provide the technical data and information required to design, construct and maintain structures and infrastructure in a safe, reliable and efficient manner.
Working around the globe, predominantly in energy and infrastructure markets, we employ approximately 10,000 employees in 65 countries.
5 weeks annual leave
A positive work environment, great office space, fruit supplied and free coffee!
Reporting to the National Data Science Manager, the DSO is a key team member responsible for supporting all aspects of the Data Science lifecycle, particularly through appropriate project management, data analysis, data engineering, business analysis, and AI/ML modelling.
Advanced SQL expertise and solid DevOps experience 
A positive, pro-active and collaborative approach to stakeholder engagement
Major project, Architect - design, and implement data pipelines
Solid understanding of CRM, Membership based organisation and Learning Management system.
Develop data hypotheses and design as well as conduct quantitative experiments in collaboration with product squads.
Shape the ongoing evolution of Auto & General’s systems and processes, bringing data architecture into design considerations.
Developed business acumen along with a curiosity of the bigger picture, and how your work contributes to it.
In return you will work with an industry leader who puts its people at the forefront, not only through training and development but through a collaborative and safety focused approach.
You will receive a competitive salary, endless opportunities and a position where no 2 days are alike.
If this sounds like the ideal job for you then put together a cover letter and resume and hit apply now! 
Hypothesis testing
Who we’re looking for
Key experience:
Australian owned global retail business
Experience working with CDP tool.
AWS Qualified Associate or Certified Professional
Development and deployment of reports and apps in Power BI, including row-level security, publishing and sharing
What’s in it for you: 
Based in Brisbane
Use your data science skills to contribute to the development of solutions which improve student outcomes (acquisition, retention, satisfaction, graduate outcomes, etc)
Provide application specific system analysis services to support discoveries, architectural and solution design activities
Engage with senior stakeholders to deliver high-impact insights
Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights from a blend of demographic, real estate and proprietary Urbis datasets
Experience within complex data environments
Experience with big data tools such as Kafka, Spark, and Scala.
Advanced Microsoft Excel experience  is a big plus
Design and develop end-to-end optimised data pipelines as well as complex data transformations
One of Sydney's leading financial institutions is looking for a Data Scientist to work with their central Advanced Analytics and Data Science teams.
This team is specially tasked to solve the bank's most critical and strategic business problems.
Inhouse Learning and Development initiatives
The company has a great team spirit, we are motivated to succeed and you will have lots of opportunities to be involved in the business. 
Access to ‘Share the Care’ – 12 weeks’ gender-equal flexible leave for all new parents, including paid superannuation
Excellent Business Analysis, Requirement gathering, Business process modelling, Data Quality Analysis, Data Cleansing, Data Transformation, Product Demonstrations, Creating SOW, Presales Presentations, Project Management, Data Visualization Reporting
We strengthen communities and inspire participation with a full calendar of free exhibitions, events, talks, workshops and children's programming every season.
3-5 years' experience visualisation
(PowerBI is highly advantageous)
ASIO is committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive environment, where all staff are valued and respected.
We welcome and value applications from all eligible candidates irrespective of gender, sexual orientation, ethnicity, religious affiliation, age or disability.
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.
Intermediate excel skills to build your own reports and formulas.
To secure this role you will have:
Excellent problem-solving and communication skills
Use existing and new innovative methodologies from the statistical modelling and machine learning domains
Mandatory Skills:
Assist in forming business strategy by building analytical models that review and identify performance opportunities, providing insights and implications to relevant stakeholders
Developing systems to standardise, harmonise and share clinical data
Strong analytical skills working with structured or unstructured datasets
c. Analytics 
Fortescue is now consistently producing 175-180 million tonnes of iron ore per year and has an exciting future ahead, establishing itself for future growth in a global market through innovation, product diversification and asset development.
FIRST PEOPLE Recruitment Solutions encourage applications from Indigenous Australians and Non-Indigenous Australians together with people from culturally diverse backgrounds.
Work closely with the supply team to deliver a best-in-class Sidekick experience
Competitive Salary & Company Benefits
You understand the importance of record keeping, so will collate customer and platform environment technical specifications and maintain up-to-date knowledge, documentation and configuration of databases.
We offer excellent working conditions and a competitive remuneration package along with staff development, flexible working options and staff functions. 
Competitive benefits including 18 weeks parental leave, volunteer days to work with our charity partners, health and wellbeing discounts and the ability to purchase extra annual leave
Meet with representatives from automotive manufacturers, financial institutions, and dealers.
This includes attending industry events such as seminars and product meetings.
Development of operating models and strategies for clients in analytics and data science.
CSL is an equal opportunity employer.
Experience with AWS technologies (e.g. Sagemaker, Athena, etc.) preferable.
The opportunity would suit data science, analytics or actuarial candidates.
Contributing to the team's understanding and prioritisation during planning meetings and retrospectives;
Data Engineering Developers are critical for keeping data flowing into the Lexer product and making it easy for our customers to make use of.
They collaborate closely with the VP Data Science, Delivery Managers, Solutions engineers  and other engineers across the Product team.
Apply AI/ML to develop high impact insights
Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence or Data Analytics project experience
Responsibilities
The TAC is a Victorian Government-owned organisation whose role is to promote road safety, support those who have been injured on our roads and help them get their lives back on track.
Being part of the Team-
2.
Development Tools – DevOps 
Experience of leading or working effectively within a high-performing multi-disciplinary team
Willingness to learn in a fast paced environment
Manage and support a team of 3 data engineers or more.
Designing experiments, test hypotheses and building predictive models
Experience with Unix/AIX/Linux environments, Docker, SageMaker, Data Bricks.
At Bunnings, there's so much going on behind the scenes that may come as a surprise.
With millions of customer interactions occurring across our stores and online platforms, we've got so many opportunities to shape our trademark Bunnings experiences for our customers.
You’ll be working alongside the Customer Success and Data Science teams to deliver a market-leading client experience  
Ability to work to tight schedules.
Ability to interpret and manipulate complex data
We exist to help the sector respond to wicked workforce problems and build better workforces, using evidence and insights.
You love stats, charts and generating shock and awe from senior managers who think Python is a reptile.
The truth is out there, and you’ll stop at nothing to produce accurate data structures and insights to benefit the business.
You like working in a dynamic environment, within a team that delivers high quality professional services with a relaxed and positive team culture. 
To learn more about our commitment to diversity and inclusion please visit our website.
Partner with key stakeholders across the business to identify business problems for analysis and reporting to keep them engaged and to resolve the problem together
Understanding and or exposure to P&ID’s will be very highly regarded;
Bill Identity offers flexibility of work location.
You will be provided the essential tools of the trade to allow you to transition into the role smoothly and hit the ground running.
Use modern techniques for data modelling - both relational and dimensional models
a. Data Integration
Development and maintenance of technical documentation; and
We are the peak body representing the dentistry profession in NSW and the ACT represents 70% of dentists, 79% of specialists, and 83% of dental students. 
Do I get paid to learn?Yes. 
The Data School offers you a competitive salary while you study and gain valuable industry experience.
Manage and define requirements to continually optimize the way we receive and ingest & manipulate data, from both internal and external sources
Our Culture 
Water Corporation is committed to creating a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers
Ensure Laboratory equipment is cleaned, maintained and calibrated as required
Telco and/or Cloud Billing experience
Involved in low-level performance analysis and optimization of databases, SQL queries, ETL processes, physical schemas, as well as underlying system and resource utilization
Supportive team environment with a great culture
We are committed to gender equality and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and have a diverse and inclusive workforce.
We have committed $70bn in financing to help address climate change and provide 2 days of paid leave each year through our employee volunteering program to support community organisations.  
Build tailor-made reports with appropriate analysis and monitoring tools
Pioneer new tech and approaches to improve time to market, reliability and performance of ML modelling
A 'People First' wellness program - SMILE.
Provides a range of services such as health coaches, annual skin checks and flu vaccinations, assistance with nutrition, mental and general well-being guides, and product discounts.
You will feel happier & healthier for working at Bupa!
Write unit tests and maintain code coverage for developed code
Work on ETL and other database processes
Business Requirements Analysis and Documentation
Aligning with the systems engineering team to propose and deploy new hardware and software environments required for Hadoop and to expand existing environments.
Onsite canteen and fitness group
An understanding of Quality by Design principles including statistical experimental design (DOE)
Experience with Jenkins and/or other CI servers (CI/CD pipeline)
work with a WGEA cited Employer of Choice for Gender Equality
State Library Victoria promotes a workplace that actively seeks to welcome and value the unique contributions of all people.
We strongly encourage Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, people with disability, people from cultural and linguistical diverse backgrounds, LGBTIQ+ and people of all ages and abilities to apply.
Interpret and translate analysis results into quality technical specifications and or user stories that are insightful, clear and succinct.
As a Data Analyst - Mid Level, you provide comprehensive reporting, actionable insights and advance data-driven decision-making across the organisation.
This position spans the full analytics stack covering design, development, analysis and reporting to enhance organisational capability in delivering meaningful products, services and experiences to AICD customers.
Flexible work arrangements (work from home, flexible hours, purchase additional leave).
2+ years of work experience in relevant fields (operations management, consulting, tech startups), previous vertical market launching experience is preferred
Knowledge of SQL, Python or R would be advantageous. 
Applications Close 10 December 2021
Systematic and thorough approach to problem solving 
We do this in order to provide value adding funding for health, education and research program in healthcare at Mater; advancing the prevention and treatment of disease and improving the quality of life for people across the community.
Business experience or qualifications (Finance, Accounting etc) are desirable but not necessary; and
Flexible, hybrid work model
The Central Package will be delivered as a Public Private Partnership and provides three-lane twin tunnels that will close the missing link in Melbourne’s freeway network from the M80 Ring Road to an upgraded Eastern Freeway, reducing journey times and diverting heavy vehicles away from local roads.
Up to 135,000 vehicles will use North East Link every day, reducing congestion in the north-east while maintaining local roads.
Gathering, understanding and interpreting information from many sources; understanding the relationships between various data sets and the limitations of each set.
WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU?
If you would like to hear more on our Diversity and Inclusion practices email recruitment@hollard.com.au.
Demonstrated ability to work in a team
Define, analyse and document detailed requirements.
2+ years of data science experienceSupervised and unsupervised learningTimeseries modelingHypothesis
testingData
ImputationError reporting and visualisation
Tertiary qualifications in health, business, statistics, IT or equivalent
Autonomy and ownership of your work
How to applySelect "Apply Now" to submit your application & CV.Position Reference Number: 126292 
Provide SME consultation on analytical matters across the Group
Strong data analysis skills (debugging data anomalies)
To be considered, please submit your resume and a cover letter (outlining your core capability for the role, demonstrated experience of how you have delivered outcomes and why this role is of interest) both in Word format by selecting the “apply for this job” function. 
Strong technical and analytic skills to solve complex big data problems.
Perform all the activities involved in the support and development of BI applications. 
Blackwoods promotes and adheres to the policies and practices of diversity and encourages applications from people of all ages, nationalities, abilities, and cultures – including Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, the LGBTQIA+ community and people living with disability.
You can work in a self-directed manner, demonstrate initiative, and are willing to work flexible hours
About Loup
Demonstrable experience of building highly available and secure services in AWS
Tertiary qualifications in IT or a related discipline.  
Please apply now, if you share our values of Energy, Integrity, Generosity of Spirit and Excellent Outcomes and would like the opportunity to work in a challenging, growing and rapidly evolving team to deliver outstanding results.
Federal Government Agency 
Excellent T-SQL skills with the ability to write complex queries against relational databases
Role Description  Data Scientist - Role Descriptor.docx
Life science BSc
Honours/MSc qualifications - molecular biology and/or protein purification focus
Provide monthly reporting to the Regional Asset Manager on compliance and volume of Asset Data Change out 
Strong knowledge of SQL, relational databases, column store and schema design.
Skill Set:
A collaborative environment for talented technologists.
The opportunity to learn new content give back to the nation influencing agriculture policy and programs
Thrive in a diverse culture that cares for your wellbeing  
At Lifeblood, we welcome different perspectives and backgrounds and we’re proud to foster an environment where people can come together to achieve their very best.
That’s why we don’t believe in one-size-fits-all – especially when it comes to your wellbeing.
Every employee is unique and we’ve developed a range of initiatives to look after the varying needs of all our people.
Strong liaison and interpersonal skills.
Experienced across SQL or Python and Tableau 
Trusted by major corporations, education providers and Government to enhance wellbeing across the world.
Flexibility
Program leadership including delivery team leadership and stakeholder management.
Support and maintain Payment Processing applications by conducting technical investigations, diagnosis of incidents, root cause analysis and understand how to provide documentation of technical/non-technical issues.
What We Can Offer You
Extensive exposure to a variety of Azure data technologies is highly desirable - Azure SQL, Azure Synapse, Databricks, Data Lake, Power BI, Analysis Services.
Including Technical leadership experience.
Strong AWS background (Snowflake desirable)
Grow with the Group 
Competitive remuneration, annual bonus and salary packaging options
Terra Firma is seeking a Data Consultant (Lead) to engage with one our clients to provide support in probing, sourcing, manipulating large and complex data sets as well as document data sources, assumptions, gaps and business logics.
Work closely with Senior Workforce Planning Analyst to strategise, plan, and prepare for residential customer initiatives to ensuring service levels can be maintained
Experience with API development for connecting different datasets highly desirable
Using a combination of mathematical and creative skills to visually present key insights  
.
Recruiters will not be used to fill this position. 
Up to 80 hours of training per year
Study assistance
7.5-hour day (37.5 hour week) plus flexi time  
expert understanding and application of data encryption and data anonymisation techniques 
Worked in agile teams with focus on quality and continuous improvement.
Prepare and deliver critical data science and analytics projects
Servian is a consultant led organisation.
We invest heavily in our consultants to ensure they have the technical skills and commercial acumen to be successful in their work.
Income protection insurance
16 weeks paid parental leave
The Opportunity
You are tech-savvy and have the skill to explain technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
We’d love to hear from you
Tertiary qualifications in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field
Proficiency in MS Office applications including Word, Excel and Access, preferably intermediate expertise in Access and SQL for continuous improvement
Development opportunities - We’re championing your development with internal programs and access to a wide range of online courses.
Embedding flexible work practices
Whether you have a degree in maths, business, science, or history, at FDM we believe that everyone has the potential to have a successful tech career regardless of what they have studied at university.
The FDM Graduate Program provides you with the training and expertise needed to launch an exciting career in IT. 
Strong quantitative data analysis and system/process improvement experience
Work within an established team of engineers and scientists on internal and industry projects. 
Understanding complex business landscapes and clearly articulating business needs from a varied group of stakeholders;
Salary Packaging - Increase your take home pay!
Social events and clubs
Bash
Essential skills and criteria:
Have excellent communication skills
Proven experience with the design, development, modification, and deployment of software using Agile methodology, source version control, and release management tools.
An on-site well-equipped gym
https://www.tac.vic.gov.au/about-the-tac/our-organisation/what-we-do
Work for a company that values their people
Start Date: Immediate
Take ownership of data, analytics and reporting to support business to build strategies
Great commercial acumen with fantastic interpersonal skills
Consolidating a large amount of data and making it presentable for the end-users.
The successful candidate will need to be a highly motivated and  client focused individual.
At Norton Rose Fulbright, you will be  rewarded with genuine career prospects and an inclusive, high  performing team environment renowned for its collaborative culture,  passion for client service and professional development opportunities.
Initial 6-12 months contract + extensions likely!
On occasions where we receive a large number of applications, we may close the advert ahead of the publicised closing date.
We would therefore advise that you submit your completed application as soon as possible.
The Data Analyst is responsible for the execution of our Data & Analytics strategy through the provision of data, reporting and insights to enable optimal customer decisions, business operations and monitoring of outcomes to continuously improve.
Hands on with Spark, Power BI, IBM DataStage, Qlik Sense, Redshift and Python scripting
Tabcorp is committed to creating an inclusive workplace where all our people feel valued for their unique qualities and have a sense of belonging.
If you need assistance or adjustments to fully participate in the application process, please contact tabcorprecruitment@tabcorp.com.au
The Data Engineer – Insights will design and govern the reporting solutions in Snowflake, as well as deploying and debugging cloud initiatives in accordance with best practice through the development life cycle and ensure standards are maintained.
Altis Consulting is very excited to announce that we're growing, and part of that growth is adding talent that will contribute to our success and help shape our future.
We are seeking Cloud Data Engineers/Architects to join our Sydney office.
A true dual role with both consulting and hands-on project responsibilities being involved in developing strategies & roadmaps and delivering cloud solutions in Microsoft Azure and AWS.
Members are our reason - Members are the reason we exist and are at the heart of everything we do.
We do the right thing - We are open and honest in everything we do.
We do what is right, not what is easy and explain why we are doing it.
We are brave - We are brave in the way we will tackle the future.
We’re driven by curiosity, and constantly look for better ways to work smarter, faster and more innovatively.
We work as one - We act as one HBF because we’re better together.
We work not as individuals but as a team to achieve more.
Experience in Social Procurement reporting preferred but not essential
The Moreland laboratory operates 24/7 and the successful applicant will be expected to participate in the rotating roster, including out of hours and weekends.
Applicants must be able to effectively liaise with Doctors, Nurses and Ancillary Staff from Doctor Surgeries and Hospitals.
Convenient Randwick location, across the road from the UNSW Light Rail Stop
QBE recognise the value of diverse perspectives and experience.
We are committed to an inclusive workplace where everyone feels valued and respected for who they are.
If we can provide support with access requirements, alternative work arrangements or you would like to connect with one of our networks please contact us at recruitment@qbe.com
Data Visualisation – Ability to create insightful visualisations (e.g. charts, dashboards), tell stories with data and compellingly convey insights and recommendations.
Only Australian citizens or permanent residents will be considered.
The data & algorithms team operates a Kanban process in which there is time-based allocation to different work streams.
You will need to help manage the tasks here as well as reliably and accurately log work in this system.
SEEK’s
Asia Pacific & Americas (AP&A) division is home to four of the SEEK Group’s key operating businesses, including SEEK ANZ, SEEK Asia (South East Asia), Catho (Brazil) and OCC (Mexico).
Spanning 11 countries, AP&A’s
focus includes collaborating across Strategy, Product, Online Technology and IT so that our world class capabilities and solutions are collectively organised.
The AP&A team also aims to solve common problems and build better solutions with greater focus and speed, and use its global scale whilst retaining our ability to create customisable solutions and services that meet local market needs.
Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems, as well as, selecting features, building, and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques
Since November, we have been re-designing our business for future success,
ramping up flying, simplifying our organisational structure, growing our fleet, and delivering a deeper investment in technology and customer experience.
Qualifications, Experience and Skills
maintaining the quality of our critical data
Design and distribute business performance reports to business stakeholders
Salary up to $130,000 per annum plus 10% super (salary packaging available)
Collaborating information from internal stakeholders to facilitate ideation, requirement gathering, design and delivery of initiatives
Recognise and adopt best practices in developing pipelines, analytical insights including data integrity, analysis, validation and documentation.
As part of our recruitment process, selected candidates will undertake a paid 3-week training course which will equip them with all the skills and support they’ll need to be highly successful in the role.
This position would be suitable for a data analyst with two years experience or a grad with some level of work experience
6 months (with extensions)
You'll be part of a workplace where you'll feel like you belong.
dbt (database modelling), Fivetran (ETL), Airbyte (Reverse ETL), Mongo (metadata storage), AWS (Lambda, RDS)
Actively participate and contribute in communities of practice at SEEK and beyond; pursue mastery of software delivery and inspire such pursuit in others
NSW Health Pathology (NSWHP) are seeking an experienced Scientist with laboratory and leadership experience to lead the multi-disciplinary laboratory service for patients seen at Canterbury Hospital.


The NSWHP Canterbury Pathology laboratory provides Specimen Collection, Specimen Reception, Chemistry, Haematology, Blood Bank, and Molecular Microbiology services for patients seen at Canterbury Hospital.


As a Category B Laboratory, part of the role requires on-site visits to the supervising NSWHP laboratories at Royal Prince Alfred Hospital, and working with Pathology services at Concord Hospital.
This position also manages the Pathology Collection service at the Croyden Health Centre.
The Data Analyst requires a high degree of collaboration with the Advice Solutions and Operations business, Group IT and key vendors.
The role can be in Sydney or Melbourne.
12 month contract 
Assist the Senior Systems Consultant in developing efficient    solutions basedon functional business requirements;
Solid hands on analytics experience and strong SQL skills
Experience with Shopify and other eCommerce CMS is a bonus, but not essential
All appointments are made subject to a satisfactory Police Check and a Working with Children check is compulsory.
Entitlement to Work: Australian citizen or permanent resident, New Zealand citizen or existing Australian Visa holders only
Improve legacy reporting, use data to challenge the status quo and seek to continuously improve
Developing innovative and effective approaches to solve commercial problems and communicating results and methodologies to the Head of Commercial & Customer Insights.
Work with stakeholders including Executive, Applications & Data teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their future data infrastructure needs
Gather and document requirements from stakeholders
Belong to a connected and highly supportive team
As part of the Period Positivity Program operations team, this analyst will help provide valuable data, reports, and analysis to the team to help drive efficiency and effectiveness.
Career Development Opportunity
Who are you
Australian Competition and Consumer Commission
Join Sonder, make an impact and help shape our future.
You’ll have flexibility, freedom, and ability to influence one of Australia’s fastest growing businesses.
We're already established in Australia and soon will be supporting millions of users globally.
If you are self-driven, enjoy learning new technologies, and are willing to stretch yourself to become a stronger engineer and mentor others around you to do the same, this could be a good fit.
WEHI - Brighter together
Standards-compliant systems for user authentication and authorisation
How to apply: If you feel that you are good fit for the role, please apply straight away.
If you feel you are a perfect fit please apply and call Richard on 0477 415 639        
It’s all in the inspirational traits of our namesake - the actual ‘Painted Dog’ (aka African Wild Dogs).
Highly strategic and adaptable team players, with strong intellect and communication skills.
We embark on challenges and are relentless in our pursuits.  
We really care about people and like to have fun! 
Experience in SQL programming and the use of scripting for the manipulation of data to generate datasets and metadata.   
🤓 Responsibilities
Good experience in ETL tools suite, scripting in Python, Bash & PowerShell, along with commendable skills in production support would be mandatory
Experience with Cloud and Software-as-a-Service paradigm and enabling technologies.
Share it with us - Once your work is live on Tableau Public, send it to us!
Methodical approach to technical design, delivery, and support, focusing on quality end-to-end outcomes
develop dashboards, scripts and other outputs for our financial and performance audit customers using software packages and database management systems
Support our iconic brands and extend your career – apply today!
Northern Beaches location
As Australia’s largest privately-owned IT Services Company conducting business Australia wide and in the Asia Pacific region, Dialog’s key focus is on delivering outstanding results to its many corporate and government clients using leading tools, technologies and methodologies. 
Dialog is a dynamic organisation which offers attractive career development to its people through diverse projects, training and mentoring in a collaborative atmosphere.
Dialog requires Python Developers with demonstrable experience in large and complex enterprise environments.
Dialog seeks people who are experienced in:
Financial industry experience
Proven working experience with distributed, multi-tiered and high-performance storage technologies
Our vision: a library for all in a changing world.
Experience of working in cross functional teams within an agile delivery framework 
Using advanced analytics to identify high-risk behaviours and targets for compliance and fraud activity.
noSQL – any level preferable
Excited to join us?
Apply now and discover a career filled with life-giving possibilities.
Applications close Sunday 5 December.
Closing date:
10th December 2021
Chill out and enjoy our loaded kitchen facilities with games, snacks, drinks, fresh fruit and coffee machine provided.
Demonstrated ability to communicate complex ideas clearly.
CPBJH JV brings together two of Australia's leading construction partners, CPB Contractors and John Holland, with unparalleled expertise in large-scale and complex project management, civil construction, traffic management and tunnelling. 
Australian Criminal Intelligence Commission
Preferred working knowledge or experience with Apache Hardoop, Spark, Hive, Scala and Oozie
Organisational skills - demonstrated ability to manage multiple    tasks and meet deadlines;
ManpowerGroup is committed to being a Diversity Confident Recruiter and encourages applications from people from a diverse range of backgrounds, including people with a disability.
Please indicate your preferred method of communication in your resume and please let us know if you require any reasonable adjustments should you be contacted for an interview by contacting internal_recruitment@dfr.com.au.
DevOps Release Process
Additional Information: 
Employee benefitsDiscounted private health insurance13 days personal leave per yearCareer development opportunitiesGenerous salary packaging optionsAccess to corporate discounts across a range of retail, restaurants and hotels
Undertake descriptive analysis to identify trends, patterns and anomalies in data
An initial 2 year fixed term contract with the possibility of extension or permanency.
Microsoft PowerBI
Strong attention to detail and a desire to adhere to process.
Strong SQL
Autonomous, reliable, with strong communication skills.
A strong and creative communicator
Strong skills in data interrogation and a strong technical foundation across analytics techniques.
Experience in cloud-based applications, simulations and modelling for laboratory applications (desirable but not essential)
Please know that we list these items to give you an opportunity to show us your potential and how you can grow and transform with us.
Your ability to demonstrate that you have the real potential to develop the required capabilities, knowledge, and experience to perform in this role is what we would like to hear from you.
Where possible, you should support your claims with specific examples of what you have done, and how you did it. 
The Client My client is a household name organization, a respected company with cutting edge and with a broad internal and vendor IT landscape.
This is the opportunity to work with some of the smartest IT professionals in Australia and add a fantastic logo to your career path.  
The opportunity: My client is looking for a Multiple Permanent and Contract experienced Data Analysts / Data Scientist consultants from Mid to Senior level  Engage a range of program stakeholders, and data stewards, to identify business requirements, design data visualisations, identify data sources, establish data management agreements, present visualisations, work with data engineers,  Multiple opportunities available with contract, permanent and temp to perm option on the table.
Defence experience not essential but any mathematics, actuarial, data Analysis and Data Presentation background.  
Baseline Clearance Essential / NV1 or Higher Preferred  Opportunities for contract and permanent  
Some Australian Defence Industry experience is essential  Responsibilities and required experience    
Question the WHY; innovate and think differently
Tailoring our range for every community we serve across Australia is a key strategic initiative.
To achieve that, this role will involve a detailed analysis of our product and store trading patterns to identify opportunities to improve our offer through utilising and developing current and future tools, and continuously identify how we can improve the efficiencies of these capabilities to produce these insights. 
QBE takes a risk and compliance approach to vaccination and strongly encourages our employees to be vaccinated.
All roles in Victoria and Northern Territory require full COVID-19 vaccination and for vaccination status to be maintained in line with government requirements.
Other roles may also require that full vaccination status be maintained.
We will ask you to share your status as part of the application process.
We won’t be able to progress with applications where candidates choose not to disclose their status for roles that require vaccination in line with our risk and compliance approach.
Optional Additional Qualities
The ability to work on multiple projects at the same time, work under pressure and meet deadlines
Flexible working arrangements  
Support the delivery of commercial benefits and an improved customer experience using advanced statistical and predictive modelling techniques.
At least 2+ years of experience in data analytics, data modelling and/or data transformation
Experience with recombinant protein expression and purification techniques.
The Optimisation team is structured into two functions. 
One building an experiment platform and working with squads to understand the impact of innovation through experiments. 
The other a BI/Analytics function that assists squads within AIPS in order to understand their services through dashboards and analytics.
We have a fantastic, collaborative and supportive team culture built on respect, trust and open communication.  
The work is challenging and we have a lot of fun as a team solving complex problems.
You will work closely with management and frontline teams across our Service, Parts and Sales departments in delivering BI/CI activities: identifying opportunities for improvement, creating action plans, implementing solutions, and ensuring improvements are sustained.
Technical handling of operational data reporting tasks, supporting the People and Culture team
When you start to think of waste as a resource, it opens up a world of possibilities.
Cleanaway is the largest waste management company in Australia providing sustainable waste management solutions to a range of customers including councils, small businesses, large corporate entities and government agencies to provide sustainable waste management solutions.
Strong analytical skills and experience of writing complex SQL queries
You will require full Australian Working Rights to apply for this role
Enhance, optimize and maintain existing data ingestion, transformation and extraction pipelines and assets built for reporting and analytics on Big Data and EDW platforms.
Demonstrated experience with Application and/or Infrastructure automation/orchestration
We operate more than 60 laboratories and around 200 collection centres across NSW and conduct over 60 million tests per annum.
Our network of pathologists are supported by scientists, technicians and support staff who quickly and accurately assess samples so clinical teams can make the best possible treatment decisions for patients. 
We encourage our staff to be involved in research and innovation opportunities to help create safer, healthier communities.
Our Forensic & Analytical Science Service provides independent, objective analysis to the NSW criminal and coronial justice systems.
Continuous learning and development across multiple dimensions including technology, leadership, and commerciality.
Demonstrated experience producing detailed data models, data flow architecture, datamigration and data transition architecture
Drive the use of sophisticated and innovative tools and methods providing data driven measurement solutions to support strategic decision making across Marketing and Product teams.
This role also supports our products that have CRM, Rostering and on/off functions.
Experience with data warehouse
Providing both ongoing and ad hoc reporting, analysis and insights in a timely manner
Experience  using the following software/tools:


Significant experience within the MS Azure cloud environment.
Certification to AZ900 as a minimum but preferably DP-200 & DP201
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres

Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages:
Python, Java & C++
Experience with big data tools, such as Hadoop, Spark or Kafka
(not mandatory but candidates with this experience will be viewed favourably)

Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement

A successful history of linking, manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets
Familiarity with MS Git repositories


 ﻿
Independent High-level design and developer
Experience, background or understanding of any of the following would be highly regarded:
Work as part of a collaborative team
Why Evolve Scientific Recruitment?
To be successful, you’ll be a confident self-starter who possesses excellent communication skills, a passion for providing quality customer service and a keen eye for detail!
You’ll be a collaborative team player who adopts a hands-on approach to problem solving, and has the ability to communicate with all key stakeholders.
You’ll be deadline drive, and a skilled multi-tasker.
Confidence, agility and adaptability are key to being successful in this role, as is the ability to think outside the box and be open to new ideas!
Jetstar thrives on innovation!
We are always looking to employ ambitious and proactive professionals to help our business work smarter and more efficiently.
You will be encouraged to think innovatively whilst developing and maintaining best practice.
What’s more, this role will see you working as part of a broader group Jetstar and Qantas structure.
Please submit your CV by clicking the “Apply” button below.
Successful applicants will be required to submit a National Police Check dated within the past 12 months and complete a medical check.
Applications close 5pm, 15th December 2021.
Solid understanding of Linux environments; strong knowledge of shell scripting and file systems
           Post   review provide final approvals for APRA SDT forms submission.
Enables us to extract meaningful business insights from it,
Assist with and perform ad hoc analysis for all relevant departments and senior management.
Outstanding time management, prioritising, multi-tasking and organisation skills
Experience in the following areas is also essential:
Communicate effectively with a range of technical and non-technical staff
Data warehousing, ETL, solution design
Upgrade and be the subject matter expert in Predictive Modelling/Advance Analytical Platforms and manage upgrades and system.
And we’re in the space of using these tools for the good of the planet.
Think about the trajectories of multiple variables (e.g. water supply, quality, climate, energy, infrastructure, population) and you’re on the right page.
Input into the development of the Regional Estate Asset Data Base improvement schedule and plans to improve accuracy of asset data 
Outstanding candidates are encouraged to apply for positions now open at MucPharm – a place where our normal days are extraordinary.
Good understanding of traditional modelling techniques (e.g. logistic regressions).
About the Role:The role is to continually improve the process and awareness of planning and risk related data.
Directly running a database and reporting. 
This will require someone is a self-starter and not afraid in engage with senior stakeholders.
Strong Cloud experience (AWS)
Maintain quality documentation of analysis, methodology and findings to ensure the provision of insightful, easy to understand reporting.   
Your story so far
Experience transforming large datasets
Detail-oriented with strong project management skills.
ViacomCBS is a global media & entertainment organisation with some of the best known and loved brands in the world.
Employing over 1,700 people locally, and a further 25,000+ globally, we deliver premium content through multiple platforms for the young (and the young at heart of course!).
ETL | SSIS | SQL | Salesforce
Advising on data analysis and visualisation approaches and strategies.
If you would like to be considered, please click the apply button or call Julia Leung on 02 8243 6808.
Working alongside the financial advice management teams, this role will help drive the implementation of regulatory and business reporting and data-related initiatives.
The Data Analyst will analyse complex data to identify opportunities and issues as well as, support the delivery of projects and solutions.
In this role you will be responsible for:
Join us.
Demonstrated expertise in querying large data sources, undertaking analytics and delivering business insights.
give insights on their performance, risks and financial management
analytical and commercial mindset
Knowledge of Agile methodologies beneficial.
Strong communication and stakeholder management skills and the ability to communicate technical information to a non-technical audience
Ability to work within a small team to meet negotiated goals addressing the desiredoutcomes
Experience:
Why Servian?
Ability to analyse large, complex datasets from diverse sources, structures and formats.
The successful candidate will have a BSc or BSc(Hons) or equivalent degree with experience in laboratory based research.
The project requires, a Research Assistant with, preferably, experience in molecular and histological assessment of brain inflammation and injury.
This includes processing, cutting and staining/immunohistochemistry of paraffin embedded sections, as well as assessment of protein and mRNA including ELISAs, qRT-PCR and Western blots.
The candidate will also preferably have experience with writing ethics applications and demonstrates strong organisation capabilities.
Powerlink is a leading Australian provider of electricity transmission services, delivering safe, cost effective and reliable solutions.
Our purpose is to connect Queenslanders to a world-class energy future, providing electricity to five million Queenslanders and 238,000 businesses.
Technology is transforming all our lives – developments in robotics, automation, artificial intelligence and big data are creating the careers of the future.
Digital careers need intelligent, analytical minds, people who want to make a difference; graduates who desire to be at the forefront of change.
This position is a permanent position.
To be eligible for permanent appointment to a position in NSW Health, you must have an Australian citizenship or permanent Australian residency.
Please note: A person who is not an Australian citizen or a permanent resident is only eligible for temporary employment for a period not longer than the duration of their current visa.
Analytics / Reporting: Custom Dashboards in React,  DataStudio, Retool, TheReportAPI, PopSQL
Ideally a business analyst with experience working on infrastructure projects.
We’re looking for inspiring people who will:
Personal budget for learning and development
To apply for this opportunity, please submit your CV and Cover Letter by pressing apply.
We are passionate about our people, our culture and our impact on others.
We are looking for like-minded individuals that are interested in developing themselves alongside some amazing people.
If you think you have the necessary skills and experience to excel in this role and are willing to make a difference, we are keen to speak with you.
Registered Nurse, Division 1 [General] Nurses Board of Victoria
LinkedIn - “Top 25 Companies where Australia wants to work”.
For more about us, see here.
Business Intelligence Analyst 
Build and take ownership of the platform that will enable the business to gain insights into their data and make better decisions based on the data
Make it yours
We are seeking a motivated property professional to join our high performing Retail Investment Services team based in our Sydney CBD office.
This role presents itself as a great opportunity for a recent graduate or analyst looking to take their next step in their career.
Full Working Rights are a requirement.
Exemplary written and verbal communication skills 
Designs and develops cloud native software
In addition, you be required to create and build high quality DevOps friendly, scalable, reusable solutions and components
Exposure to big data technologies (Hadoop)
What we value:
To apply:

advanced Data Analysis and Data Wrangling experience – very strong knowledge of SQL and PL/SQL  

Bachelor Degree or higher degree in Science/Medical Laboratory Science or an equivalent qualification, with subjects relevant to pathology from a recognised tertiary institution.
ASC Certification in Non-Gyane samples.
Support ad hoc insights generation, modelling, and advanced analytics, among other things
Code quality - Static and Dynamic code scanning and its importance
You'll design, develop, implement and maintain high-performing and secure modern data warehouse solutions.
You'll engage and work closely with a variety of business and IT stakeholders to elicit and document requirements and advice on the best approach to meet those requirements that best suit the needs of the business.
You'll then be technical enough to deliver on the solutions.
Your key responsibilities will include:
Creative problem solver with a keen technical aptitude, able to quickly grasp concepts and add new insights
About You:
Experience implementing large scale data warehouse loading, manipulation, processing and exploration using ETL tools and scripting
Working with colleagues to drive efficiency in data consumption and transformation processes
Ideally you’ll have an IT-related degree (preferably Computer Science or Information Systems), but it’ll be your history of hands-on data modelling, data pipeline, report development and general software engineering experience,
that’ll help you from day one.
Be part of a growing, high performing business unit
 Key Accountabilities:
Cloud Technologies - Azure
Focus on outcomes over output
Enthusiastic about Test Driven Development (TDD) in a data engineering environment
A leader in sustainability and renewable resources
You’ll join an entrepreneurial, inclusive culture.
One where we succeed together – across the desk and around the globe.
Where like-minded people work naturally together to achieve great things.
Keep those ambitions in sights and imagine where JLL can take you...
As an organisation, we don’t just accept that we are a place of many different people, but we embrace it, we celebrate it, and we proactively support the needs that difference brings.
JLL is committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, gender, age, sexual orientation or disability, and that is why, for more than a decade, we continue to rank among the World’s Most Ethical Companies.
Apply today, quoting job reference number SVREQ182363 Please note, although developing relationships with agencies forms a component of the JLL talent acquisition strategy, on this occasion agency submissions will not be accepted.
Developing early warning systems for high risk behaviours, such as watchlist monitoring.
Create and maintain an optimal data pipeline architecture
Duration until 30 January 2023
Develop a formalised process to identify, analyse, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets to empower informed decision making for our stakeholders.
We focus on:
You are determined to stay ahead of the latest Big Data technologies
Experience developing data storage layers optimised for query performance - 30%
Ability to facilitate workshops or meetings with business and technical stakeholders and external parties at various levels.
Preference will be given to Australian-based applicants
CA / CPA qualification
NTT is currently seeking a Data Developer with experience with the Microsoft technology stack, to join our Data Analytics practice in Sydney on a permanent position.
You will design, manage, deliver and implement complex data and information management platforms in areas such as business intelligence, machine learning, data mining, complex data analytics, taking a solution from strategy through implementation to a managed service.
Prepare operational policy, procedure and reference documents to support the Data and Surveillance Strategy and to ensure the quality, security and privacy of data including access and security safeguards.  
Multi-lingual analytics solution development expertise;
We know great results come from our people feeling valued and getting the support they need to reach their full potential.
At Painted Dog you will have access to many benefits including flexible working arrangements, ability to work from home, casual dress, education and training, a wellbeing program and an active social calendar of events.
We provide our teams with state-of-the-art technology and the scope to be a part of projects in our fast-paced and competitive industry.  
Our staff love being part of our business and the length of time they choose to stay with us is evidence of this. 
Good project management skills
Are you looking for your next permanent Data Engineering opportunity within government?  
Your new company A leading local government agency is looking for a Data Engineer to join their Business Intelligence team.  
Your new role  
You will be working as part of an engaging and highly focused team, collaborating to deliver BI strategies and data warehousing solutions.
You will be responsible for the timeliness and accuracy of data flow from source systems and the optimisation of data storage for the accessibility to meet the business reporting demands.  
What you'll need to succeed  As a Data Engineer, you will have experience in designing data driven solutions for the data migration from Legacy to Azure.  
Technical skills and tools:
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability.
Mater Foundation aspires to be a leading and trusted health based fundraising organisation. 
Workforce diversity is critical to performance in our field.
We continue to build a diverse and inclusive workforce across gender, culture, religion, identity and life experience domains.
We invest heavily in our people recognising the critical role empowered staff play in leading innovation. 
Using modern business intelligence tools, you will undertake critical analysis of data and information to achieve improvements in performance measures such as cost reduction, time reduction or quality improvement across the entire Business Care. 
Fluent with the command line in a *nix environment
Flexibility with work hours and the ability to jump on occasional early evening calls to support clients outside of standard business hours.
Some weekend work will be required (approx.
3hrs/month)
Join a nationwide strong group of engineers that bring the most innovative ideas to life
5+ years of hands-on-experience developing and delivering solutions related to enterprise integration, APIs, service-oriented architecture and technology modernisations
You've used Python (or related) as an ETL tool
Access additional leave days a year to recharge and refresh yourself
You will also be; 
Ability to troubleshoot and optimise large scale PowerBI datasets
Reporting through to the Laboratory Manager, this role will involve assisting the Chemist's with day to day activities.
We are empowered to make decisions - we don’t let processes and approval hierarchies get in the way; we trust our team to use their judgement 
Fundamentals of AI
Experience in configuring backup, monitoring, patching and security of GCP estate.
We aim to maximise the potential of all our people.
This means having an inclusive culture that values and sustains diversity and a work-life balance.
To achieve this, we are focused on:
What’s on Offer?
If you believe you have what we're after please click 'Apply Now' to proceed with your application.
In one document only please place your:
Act as a conduit between IT and Finance to ensure all integration    and development work related to the firm's Practice Management    System is within business requirements.
Salary packaging options, onsite car parking, close to public transport
Knowledge of SQL queries, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Analytical Services (SSAS) or SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
At Bayer we’re visionaries, driven to solve the world’s toughest challenges and striving for a world where ‘Health for all, Hunger for none’ is no longer a dream, but a real possibility.
We’re doing it with energy, curiosity and sheer dedication, always learning from unique perspectives of those around us, expanding our thinking, growing our capabilities and redefining ‘impossible’.
There are so many reasons to join us.
If you’re hungry to build a varied and meaningful career in a community of brilliant and diverse minds to make a real difference, there’s only one choice.
Credit Corp is Australia's largest provider of sustainable financial services to the credit impaired consumer segment.
We’re are an ASX200 listed company with over 2000+  staff in multiple locations in Australia, New Zealand, USA and Philippines.
We work closely with regulators to provide sustainable financial solutions with the objective of improving our customers’ circumstances as a pathway to mainstream financial inclusion.
Learn from the best data and analytics experts in Australia
The willingness and experience to take responsibility and ownership of our data platform and our data implementation framework.
Applications close 9th December 2021
Good documentation experience
Advanced Excel skills and highly proficient in Python, SQL, Git, and PowerBI
Support and enable the business in analysing, modelling, interpreting and deploying advanced, scalable and effective data and analytics solutions.
Assist with the day-to-day support and administration of the    firm's Practice Management System (currently Aderant Expert);
Proficiency in web applications, software development life cycle and any other digital skills will be highly advantageous
With strong, proven engineering skills
Ability to contribute and work in a cross-functional, multi-disciplinary team environment
Extensive experience with data warehouses and databases as well as problem solving skills.
Experience in management of complex data and statistical collections including extraction, cleansing and transformation of data from complex and high-volume operational systems.
Other responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Likely to have 5 + years in a BI developer position
The extensive commercial or academic experience of developing ML & AI solutions using R and Python.
About Us:
Prior experience in mortgage or lending will be a plus
Excellent record keeping and computer skills
Role:
PowerShell, Azure/AWS CLI, or TerraForm for managing cloud infrastructure
Tertiary qualification in IT
Applications close at midnight on 14 December 2021.
Solve complex data processing problems in a general and scalable way.
Support the effective production of customer surveys to allow for the creation of insightful data reports
The BI/Data Analyst owns the SQL and Tableau library for dashboards and analyses within AIPS.
A key focus of this role is to understand our data assets and key metrics and be able to create and maintain dashboards that accurately reflect performance of our AI services/products.
Being agile and adaptive, we are purpose built to say yes, to make it easier for our customers to get the funding they need, when they need it.
We pride ourselves on our personal relationships with customers, our diverse workforce and collaborative culture.
Previous experience at a mining operation is desirable
Able to conduct a regression analysis
Brand new modern office building that is set up for you to do your best work and have a great time doing so, with breakout areas, little nooks, and quiet places to retreat
(and we have a BBQ at level 20!).
Write unit/integration tests and document process
About the opportunity

Should be able to implement the Data Vault & start schema Framework using redshift

Key Duties of this role:
Enjoy wonderful Health and Wellbeing initiatives that support you
2+ years relevant work experience in analytics, business intelligence, or data science;
Experience in ETL/ELT process and traditional ETL tools (Informatica, Talend, SSIS, Alteryx..)
Understanding of data models and API’s would be a bonus  
Strong stakeholder management and communication skills with the ability to drive change
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading   of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL as well as MS Azure technologies, such as data factories.
A commitment to quality standards and customer service.
Support training, education and awareness programs to improve our data capabilities
A business builder able to deliver repeatable processes.
Advanced degree in an area of Chemistry, Applied Science or any STEM related field
Under broad supervision of the Senior Project Manager, you will be accountable for the provision of quality outcomes with regards to waste management data.
We are looking for individuals who are experts in the follwing;
Strong analysis skills and previous experience using Microsoft software tools (Tableau, Power BI)
Deep knowledge of how to design, implement and optimize ETL processes, conduct detailed data modelling, design data warehouse architectures, and design and build data pipelines.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organise, analyse, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
What's in it for you?  
The applications for the February 2022 intake close on the 6th December, 2021 
Wellbeing matters at Thales, and where possible we encourage flexible working.
Elula was founded in 2017 by a bunch of talented people with years of experience in enterprise and passions for technologies that deliver smarter decision making through the intelligent use of data.
Programming experience with either of Python, PySpark, Scala highly desirable
Our business is structured across 5 main pillars:
Microsoft BI stack (SSRS, SSAS, SSIS, SSMS)
About our client:  
My client is one of the most well-known financial services companies in Australia.
They are continuing their data journey and are looking for Data Analytics Manager to join a Data and Analytics within their Sydney Office.  
The Opportunity:  An experienced Data Analytics Manager to join a financial services project in Sydney.
Experience working with financial services or Banking is preferred but not mandatory.  
Experience:  
Must have experience working on Analytics and Insights projects in recent roles.  
Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle  Work with stakeholders to understand their business priorities and opportunities then proactively introduce innovative thinking and analytical solutions to those situations ability to manage a team on projects and mentor juniors.  
Data structuring and modelling (data warehouse design, T-SQL etc)  
You'll have experience working with tools including or similar to Alteryx, R, Python, Tableau, SQL, Hadoop and Spark.  
To be able to interpret financial information  To be curious, pragmatic, and keen to learn  An ability to translate our clients' commercial requirements into technical specifications for solving problems and generating valuable insights using data  Previous consulting or technology experience  The Successful candidate  With both permanent and contract positions available
we encourage candidates with skills in the above area to contact the team at Hydrogen for confidential discussions.
We are seeking intellectually capable, personable and change driven individuals who want to be part of a market leading consulting organisation.
First class communication skills in both the written and verbal form will be required.  
For exceptional talent, our client will consider overseas applicants who require sponsorship  
What's on offer?  
The opportunity to work with world class thought leaders in the digital transformation, Big data, Data science, RPA and AI space.
International and local career progression.  
Competitive salaries depending on experience  
5.
Microsoft Office (PowerPivot) and SharePoint
You will be part of an agile team working closely with software engineers, data scientist and integration engineers to develop an awesome new product.  
Relevant Tertiary Education in IT or equivalent industry experience
Work with trending Digital-Twins technology 
Visa Status:
Australian /New
Zealand Citizen or Australian PR Visa holder
Ability to support the business in the use data and information for the identification of opportunities
Undertaking      regular auditing of data to reveal adherence to study protocols,      completeness of data sets and safe storage of data.
Distil business questions into appropriate data needs and insights with ability to communicate insights or recommendations to internal stakeholders
Be driven by a need to succeed, but not to let perfect get in the road of better
Have strong attention to detail
Provide assessment & recommendations on schedules for recovery activity post school closures due to lockdowns
SQL Data skills
● Manage monthly reporting deliverables including identifying key trends & communicating insights in a compelling way ● Liaise with strategy & other teams to implement brand insights into monthly board updates & strategy
deep dives ● Identify & undertake analysis on key topic areas, anticipating & responding to business needs as well as connecting the dots with other data sources ● Collaborate with internal stakeholders by responding to questions & requests for additional analysis ● Manage the Brand Tableau dashboard including training & identifying opportunities to improve ● Partner with external research agencies to ensure data quality ● Opportunity to support & ultimately own other Tracking research programs including advertising & customer trends ● Own & manage the monthly Customer Insights & Advocacy Newsletter and/or the Quarterly Immersion Insights Program ● Identify relevant content opportunities & collaborate with stakeholders across the business to compile & synthesise content in a compelling way.
Knowledge of relational database design methodologies (e.g. Kimball, Data Vault).
Support strategic initiatives and day-to-day activities  
At Aegros we believe access to life saving therapeutic plasma drugs is a human right and not a privilege.
In a nutshell our mission is to put the patients first through innovation.
Industry experience using Microsoft Azure cloud data tools
Provide support in the interpretation of trends, problem areas and opportunities from the data gathered from financial and other business systems used by the division. 
Coordination of deployment and release activities for the team
What’s on offer 
Engage with stakeholders to identify and elicit requirements and translate these requirements into specifications.
We are looking for a savvy Data Engineer/ Business Intelligence Engineer to join our growing team of analytics experts.
Maintain strong relationships with internal customers, stakeholders and other delivery teams - providing transparency of delivery status
Competitive salary packages
The role will assist the General Manager, Finance Oversight & Data with, but not limited to, the following:
Your key responsibilities include but not limited to:
The Opportunity:
Demonstrated advanced SQL coding skills to both interrogate and manipulate data and database structures.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS ‘big data’ technologies.
Work directly with clients as a Blackbook.ai consultant
Knowledge/ experience in data engineering like data ETL, data pipeline, data modelling and reporting is desirable

Knowledge and experience of data Visualisation applications and techniques, technologies, trends and solutions.  

Join a high performing team, that has purpose and heart!
Some Key Accountabilities
Experience in statistical analysis (SAS or R)
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Experience with popular data discovery and analytics tools like PowerBI, Tableau
Must be well organised with good time management skills
To be considered, you will possess the below qualifications and attributes:
Hands-on experience in databases, advanced SQL, and software development in languages such as Python, Scala, Java, TSQL, PL/SQL to name a few
Exposure to Salesforce CRM would be highly desirable.
Develop and design models to inform business of better future outcomes (prediction, algorithmic, machine learning)
Programming experience required (SAS preferred)
Program management: development and maintenance of all commercial activities in a comprehensive program roadmap to deliver commercial projects where required, including providing direction to other technical experts across the organization (e.g. Data Scientists, Data Engineers) for specific projects
For further information on what it’s like to work with us, please visit our Careers and LinkedIn Life pages:
Work with the Data Science, and Data Engineering team, and contribute to ongoing development of Google Data Warehouse as well as Looker data models
Provide advice and assistance to new and existing subcontractors in completing all required project SPI reporting
Order & maintain supplies for the Laboratory
Supporting deployed applications through defect identification/resolution, release management, and consultation with users
Worked with off-prem data API’s like Google Analytics.
The role presents a great opportunity for those who aspire to learning new technical skills and widening their field of expertise.
If you are enthusiastic about cutting edge technologies, proactive in your way of working, possess a can do attitude and feel comfortable taking ownership, we would like to hear from you!  
Tertiary qualifications in Computer Science, Engineering, IT, Bioinformatics, Statistics, or equivalent with 3+ years work experience in data engineering or related fields, or 8+ years for a senior
To do this job, you will need to have a minimum of 2 years of professional data engineering experience with ETL/ELT in a cloud datawarehouse, ideally using AWS and AWS services.
Duties and Responsibilities:
Ability to create clear and concise functional and technical documentation.
A post-graduate qualification (MSc or PhD) in Science, Bioprocess/Chemical Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, Biostatistics, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Physics, Mathematics, Computational Chemistry, Chemistry, Bioinformatics, or a related field
Innovative, collaborative and team-orientated environment
Apply Today !!
Providing ongoing operational support to the Business and IT;
Drive the transformation from legacy on-premise data warehouse to full azure cloud solution
Please note; due to the nature of our industry, all successful candidates are required to complete a National Police Check and WWCC.
Take responsibility for projects and work well with others from different teams to drive a project to closure
Strong understanding of databases and performance optimisations
Flexible work arrangements and required adjustments at recruitment and/or at employment stage
Experience in assessor or analysis work;
With our transformation program underway we are looking to engage a Data Engineer to identify, develop and implement BI solutions across EG Australia that create value for the business.
This role will engage in a broad scope of work ranging from data needs analysis and architecture through to building ETL/ELTs and algorithms across multiple areas of data and analytics including the implementation of prototypes and other aspects of data management.
Management consulting or financial experience advantageous
Strong written and verbal communication skills  
Proficient in Word and Excel
A good understanding of business intelligence and data warehousing concepts
Managing, manipulating and automating production of complex data sets in a true big data environment leveraging skills in Hadoop, Spark, Scala, R, Python and SQL.
Huon Aquaculture is an ‘Employer of Choice’ and innovative industry leader who offers all our employees access to ongoing training opportunities, corporate health insurance benefits and discounts on Huon products.
Remuneration for this role is dependent on knowledge and/or experience.
advanced Data Analysis and Data Wrangling experience – very strong knowledge of SQL and PL/SQL  
Define and help to design the analytics solution architecture from a pragmatic standpoint.
You’ll be developing, testing and transitioning your products to customers across the organisation.  
Keeping those products relevant, available, and highly valued with your service-centric approach.
Demonstrated understanding of Cloud Security
Working closely with data scientists
Support staff with key business applications such as Finance/General Ledger Systems (Technology One), Debt Collection System (Collection Works), Campaign Management (Eloqua) and Document Management (Bizedocs).
Demonstrated capacity to work independently and collaboratively in a team environment.
A hybrid approach to the future of work - https://www.rea-group.com/blog/the-way-we-work-at-rea-a-hybrid-approach/ [link removed]
HorizonOne Recruitment is a leading specialist recruitment firm whose approach to recruitment is different.
We focus on quality and service and have in-depth understanding of our subject matter.
You will be involved in:
Good Experience in CICD & DevOps concepts or working in any cloud environment (Azure / AWS / GCP) using Agile methodology
Be self-driven with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
Opportunity to purchase additional annual leave
strong attention to detail
The Data and Systems Engineer reports to the Systems Engineering Manager - Jobs Victoria and is responsible for the acquisition, transformation, and distribution of data required for analytics and business intelligence for the Jobs Victoria project as well as cross platform integration of various Jobs Victoria Digital platforms.
The Data and Systems Engineer provides technical guidance to the systems engineering and analytics teams relating to technical practices and patterns. 
Knowledge of environmental science
Some experience in creating user and systems documentation including flow diagrams desirable but not essential
Applications for the Australian Government Graduate Program - Data stream (AGGP Data Graduates) and for ABS ICT graduates will open in March 2022.Register your interest to keep up to date with new information on the AGGP Data and ABS ICT graduate recruitment.
Be the first to know once we confirm details regarding timeframes and the selection process.
If successful most Graduate programs will commence in February 2023.AGGP Data GraduatesA wide range of data graduate roles will be recruited for, including Data Analysts, Data Scientists and Statistical Methodology Specialists.
Data Graduate roles support evidence-based, informed decision making, and work across all aspects of government such as policy development, program management and service delivery.
Data Graduate roles cover the full data lifecycle including survey and questionnaire development, data acquisition, data engineering and data analysis, as well as more specialised streams such as data science, methodology, Geospatial analysis and data management.
Data Graduates roles may be offered across all capital cities, Geelong and Newcastle.
In 2021, agencies seeking data graduates included:
Experience in designing data mining and analytics solutions with a range of software and statistical development platforms (such as R, Python, etc).
Be up to date with technologies such as Data Science, Big Data and Cloud Computing
Delivering data-driven insights to all Lotteries functions including Product, Marketing, Sales and Commercial Operations.
The Reporting Specialist is responsible for the consultation, project management and production of data insights reports for our survey platform.
The consultant will actively work with internal and external stakeholders to ensure reports are produced to the highest standard and delivered within project timeframes and scope.
Your day to day will look like:
experience in application of data science, statistical modelling, and machine learning technologies to a variety of complex data sets
We foster an engaged and inclusive culture; our 2020 survey results show 95% of our employees feel proud to work for the TAC.  
Our people enjoy a range of rewarding benefits, including:
Excellent teamwork ability.
Experience in developing class-leading algorithms to drive operational outcomes, with an ability to explain the different components of a utility function to different stakeholders.
Strong business commercial acumen, analytical and data visualisation skills
A problem-solving mindset.
slander people, people with disability, women, youth and people from culturally and linguistically
Experience with PHP and/or Laravel
Assist with and lead key data and reporting projects and activities associated with the Victorian Cancer Screening Framework’s Data and Surveillance Strategy in accordance with defined requirements, timeframes, protocols and outcomes.
You will work within our newly established Azure Data Centre of Excellence and be able to help build and grow our data practice.
You will be working with a number of fellow azure data engineers and technical experts who have a passion for delivering quality solutions in the data space.
The role is site based where you will be directly involved in supporting the operations planning team.
The operations planning team is responsible for the planning and technical supporting services covering mine scheduling, mine design, geology, surveying, data analysis and the mine analytical lab.
Applications close: 06 Dec 2021 11:55 PM AUS Eastern Daylight Time
What's the role?

Income protection scheme  

Drive data analytics and science initiatives with a rich data set
Collaborate with stakeholders, technical architects, business analyst and team members to design business intelligence solutions.
Collaborate with the IS Operations and Delivery teams to ensure effective stakeholder management during project delivery and business escalation support for change/issue management.
Data Quality knowledge / understanding of concepts
Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills
Experience in any programming language (Ideally Java or Python)
Create meaningful metrics/KPIs that support key business decisions
NEC is committed to achieving a diverse workforce and strongly encourages applications from people with disability, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders and candidates from culturally diverse backgrounds
Applicants should be able to demonstrate their skills and have exposure across the following technologies and disciplines:
This is an excellent opportunity to take advantage of emerging technological capability and cutting-edge technologies to materially make a difference to how business works today.
Flexible work arrangements, with the opportunity to split your week between the office and home once on boarded.
We are re-architecting a better sustainable energy future for everyone on the planet
, to do this we need highly driven people from all walks of life to help.
No matter your background, ethnicity, gender or education.
If you are driven, sharp as a tack, and literally want to change the world we would love to have you!
Evergen is pro performance & people.
World class career development - AWS Partner network
Our perks
How would you like to work with an Australian Founded, Multiple award
-winning International Organization with offices around the world?
With the Head office in Sydney, Australia, tna are an innovative and successful integrated packaging & processing solutions company with over 14,000 system installed across 120+ countries.  
To be successful you will need:
Balanced scorecards within Client domain
Out client is one of the world's largest travel groups with a vast sales network that extends throughout the globe.
Their purpose is to open the world for those who want to see.
They work hard, have fun and help people see the world.
As a large and highly successful company, they offer a range of longer term career pathways within the broader business.
The Enterprise Analytics and Data Applications section and the newly established Data Science Capability section, in the Data Science Branch, provide operationally focused enterprise analytic capability and data science capability development.
We work collaboratively across all border domains and the broader portfolio to continuously improve its data science capabilities with the aim to effectively inform and support decision makers.
We use entrepreneurial approaches that embrace technological disruption to reshape and ‘future-proof’ Department’s capabilities.
Our work is a key enabler of digital transformation within the Department through the application of technology, data, machine learning and artificial intelligence.
Work closely with business stakeholders to determine the most appropriate selection of software/tools to use for each aspect of the process, including data checking and cleaning, analysis of experience, and visualization of results.
Working knowledge of the practice management system to understand    reporting fields;
Supportive parental leave policy
Prior experience directly related to defining, designing, implementing and managing data governance and management is highly regarded
Yep, it's a huge goal, but we've become the leaders in what we do, we have already killed one coal fired power plant in Australia using batteries in all sorts of smart ways.
SQL experience required  (preferably Microsoft T-SQL)
Develop set processes for data mining, data modelling, and data production
At Pet Circle, we want to create a world where pets and their families are healthy, happy and spend more time together.
We make buying pet supplies and pet food online easy and convenient.
Over the past ten years, we’ve grown to become one of Australia's Top 5 Online retailers and No.1 in the Online Pet industry.
Recently we were awarded the "Fast Mover Award" at the Online Retail Industry Awards.
We have a world-class NPS score and we need your help to continue delighting our customers and their pets!  
Application closing date
Define, author and partner with Business, Risk and Technology stakeholders to operationalise data policies, standards and guidelines
Confident in working in a timeframe driven environment with the ability to balance competing priorities
Working closely with members of the Data Services team and the broader IT team and stakeholders across the Y in order to identify, recommend, develop, model, analyse, implement and support data and analytics solutions.
Experience using statistical and reporting tools and packages such as Microsoft SQL Server reporting tools and associated applications.
Ability to drive Dev/Ops best practices in the new environment
PhD in a relevant scientific discipline (e.g. respiratory biology, pharmacology, immunology) or more than five years' experience working with animal models of respiratory disease;
o the workplace, will only strengthen our workforce.
A strong scientific background with a BSc degree (chemistry) or a relevant scientific discipline as a minimum and at least 1-2 years' experience working in pharma or biotech
Commendable skills in providing L2 Operations support for the production across multiple providers, and the services associated with the operating environment is essential.
Experience in SQL
Coordinate all aspects of Azure data related development projects assigned to include related system configurations and external and internal integrations by providing technical analysis, design, documentation, development, and testing.
Azure Cloud technology experience working with Engineering, Storage and Analytics services.
20%
We attract and bring together talented, smart, and ambitious people from all over the world to achieve, thrive and grow together.
Life is a collection of moments: meaningful, challenging and moments to remember, and we support our people to enjoy more of the moments that matter.  
With us, you're more than just a number, you're part of a team where everyone knows your name in a diverse and inclusive culture. 
In accordance with Victorian Government Health Directions, COVID-19 Mandatory Vaccination Directions (No 8), proof of full COVID-19 vaccination is a requirement of employment and must be provided prior to commencing.
Design, development and unit testing activities across several data movement and transformation processes
Proactive approach to business engagement
What's in it for you?
We have a great opportunity for a R&D Scientist to join our Decorative Business team based within our Innovation Centre in Clayton.
Identification and implementation of continuous improvement initiatives
Deliver solutions with a real mind for Automation scripting.
At ManpowerGroup, we care about people and the role of work in their lives.
We respect people as individuals, trusting them, supporting them, enabling them to achieve their aims in work or in life.
This means that we will work with you to achieve your career goals by supporting and developing you as your career grows.
Perform a role that directly impacts and helps look after the lives of people, daily.
Our ways of working
4 plus years development experience with Azure Data Components or similar ETL tools such as SSIS - Azure Data Factory, Azure SQL, Azure Data Lake, Azure Analysis Services, Azure Synapse and Azure Databricks, Azure Machine Learning.
Develop data sets that meet business and functional business requirements
e-Tools Software Pty Ltd
[e-Tools] is a 17-year-old, Australian-owned software development company that is a leading supplier of IT applications and management solutions nationally within our market sector.
e-Tools’ software has a significant and growing client base in the community health, aged care and disability sectors.
We currently supply 11 software solutions and there are more in the pipeline.
Our company has a substantial staff complement, located both in Australia and overseas.
We are a multicultural office that includes qualified and experienced professionals from a range of disciplines, who are committed to growing the company and providing excellent service to clients.  
e-Tools is headquartered in South East Melbourne.
Direct experience with defining and operationalising Policies, Standards, Guidelines and workflows
Map, measure and analyse journeys and activities
Do work that matters
Identify and follow through on research opportunities for advancing product solutions to align with Laminex’s decorative surfaces vision 
Strong research, analytical, problem solving and testing skills
Provide technical advice to stakeholders
We’d love to hear from You 
Working alongside some of the best in the industry, you’ll be both challenged and supported in this exciting role.
Familiarity with ETL principles, data pipelines and comfortable working with large data sets in a cloud environment
A highly proactive self-starter with a positive attitude and the ability to take ownership 
Could this be one of those rare moments to do the best work of your career?
At Tabcorp, our story continues to evolve every day.
Now that we’ve successfully built one world-class entertainment company, we’re doubling our impact.
We’re demerging, with a sharp focus on two new ASX listed companies: Lotteries & Keno Co, Australia’s leading lottery operator, and Wagering & Gaming Co, Australia’s largest diversified wagering operator and gaming services provider.
For the next 12 months and beyond, we’re bringing the brightest minds together to go bigger and braver than ever.
Game to join us?
ETL, ELT and Analysis/Modelling of data. 
Minimum 3+ years of data integration, data modelling and working on large databases.
A culture that fosters inclusiveness, team work and joint success
Regular reconciliation of client portfolio data and driving resolution of any identified exceptions.
Produce data & reporting, alongside creating and sharing insights
The ability to manipulate complex data sets to visualise data
QBE recognise the value of diverse perspectives and experience.
We are committed to an inclusive workplace where everyone feels valued and respected for who they are.
If we can provide support with access requirements, alternative work arrangements or you would like to connect with one of our networks please contact us at recruitment@qbe.com.
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills, including a strong eye for detail;
Previous experience in a commercial analytical role valued
We don’t shy away from the importance of our purpose to the Victorian community, that’s why we have a stated ambition to be world leading.
‘Hybrid Working’ – a mix of working in the office and at home to enhance your work/life balance
Good Python skills are required (we assume you have decent SQL or R also) as you will need to use various modelling packages, write scripts, contribute production-grade code and connect and integrate various cloud and big data services (they use Apache Spark and GCP – Google Cloud Platform)
Consulting and customer interfacing skills
Experience supporting high availability production systems
What sets us apart from the rest?
Familiarity with, or knowledge of;
Well developed planning and project management skills, with sound analytical and problem solving skills and ability to justify decisions within defined parameters.
ESTA is the critical link between the Victorian community and the state's emergency services agencies and it partners with the agencies to improve service delivery to the community.
It provides Victoria's 24-hour emergency call-taking and dispatch services for police, fire, ambulance and VICSES and manages the provision of advanced, operational communications for police, ambulance, fire services and the SES.  
Its vision is to be a high-performing team trusted by the community and our partners to deliver the right emergency response.
And its central goal is to save lives and prevent harm through speed and accuracy in emergency operations.
This will require IHPA to develop its systems, processes and assurance work to ensure that it continues to deliver to a high standard, across its wider remit.
Skills and Experience:
Analysing provider profiles and providing advice as to contract initiatives.
Practical experience implementing service oriented architecture design and enabling technologies including messaging, XML, JSON, web services and HTTP.
Who are Servian Managed Services?
Eligibility 
Good self-awareness
How you contribute
Test system enhancements ensuring resultant data meets release requirements
3.
Advanced SQL Query skills
Technical competence with spatial and data analysis software (eg ArcGIS, QGIS, R, SPSS, Excel, PowerBI, Tableau)50%
Assess improvements with hypothesis testing
As a member of the Portfolio Governance and Analysis team, you will work closely with stakeholders across the organisation to undertake key components of the business reporting function.
The role plays a key part in assisting with the preparation and coordination of monthly business reporting/forecasting, providing senior management within the business with analysis for the decision-making process.
You enjoy learning: You are a curious individual who is eager to develop their skills and progress their career in a consulting environment
Conducting aspects of forensic accounting under guidance for serious and complex fraud investigation cases.
Experience with or a working knowledge of platform technologies such as immunohistochemistry and imaging, RNAseq or proteomics;
This role provides the opportunity to travel to support operational leaders with the management of their contracts. 
Share technical expertise in data functions, tools and products like Airflow, Spark, DBT, Deltalake, Snowflake, Databricks , Data lakes and Data warehousing and orchestration platforms in the cloud. 
Variety of diverse clients and industries
Tertiary qualifications : IT, Computer Science, Engineering.
Business and Commerce and/or other disciplines
The day to day:
We are obsessed about solving customer and Sidekick problems - we are always testing, learning and improving what we’ve done before
Hudson Institute is home to 470 world-class scientists, clinicians and students pioneering outstanding discovery science and translational research.
Problem solving experience through statistical analysis or with large data sets.
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres
Our staff are passionate, motivated, professional, welcoming and proud to work in one of Melbourne's most prized architectural jewels and best-loved cultural icons.
We treasure our rich heritage and collection, and are excited by the Library's future as a place that inspires possibilities for all Victorians.
Support business transition and helping to establish change
Company events, including Christmas event celebrations, birthday celebrations
Developing dashboards – authoring and maintaining reports and dashboards using Microsoft’s Power BI platform and DAX language;
Required Skills and Qualifications
Improvement of the CRM experience through training, sharing and providing information 
We are a team of 10 with skills that encompass Product Management, Data analysts, Engineering.  
The team creates customer facing data visualisations and collaborates with customers and customer success, sales and support functions.
Demonstrated success in the efficient cleaning, transformation and analysis of high volumes of structured and unstructured data
Play a leading role in driving the best product offering for supermarket customers across all of Australia
Provide technical advice and thought and innovation leadership that will inform data product design and business strategy and improve ways of working
👋 About You
We are committed to providing reasonable arrangements to all individuals participating in our application and interview process, and while performing job functions.
If you require any accommodations or adjustments prior to the submission of your application or throughout your interview process, please contact our Talent Acquisition team directly: talent.acquisition@theiconic.com.au
Proficiency in other analytical tools such as Excel (VBA), SAS, GA360, Big Query and datasets such as Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics (preferred)
Application Closes: 13 December 2021
How to Apply:Click on the Apply button or for more information please contact:WorkPac Recruitment Co-ordinator:
Sara Mason on (08)
9201
6243 quoting the above reference number.
About WorkPacWorkPac is Australias leading, privately owned recruitment provider to the mining, construction, engineering, light industrial and healthcare sectors.
We are proud to partner with some of the countrys leading companies to deliver rewarding permanent, contract, temporary and traineeship recruitment opportunities. 
At WorkPac, we recognise we are strengthened by diversity.
We are committed to providing a work environment in which everyone is included, treated fairly and with respect.
We are an Equal Opportunity employer and we encourage applications from women and Indigenous people.
Inclusion and Diversity lies at the heart of how we recruitWe continue to hire great people with a wide variety of skills, experience and backgrounds.
This includes people with disability, Aboriginal and Torres
Strait Islander people, women, people identifying as LGBTIQ+ and other diversity groups.
If you require an adjustment within the recruitment process, please contact Mariyah Hanif on Mariyah.Hanif@justice.nsw.gov.au and advise us of your preferred method of communication.
If you are looking for more information about workplace adjustments at DCJ, please visit our Careers site.
Provide support and technical assistance to clients including problem analysis, troubleshooting, and testing of the product
If you are interested, please apply by submitting your CV and cover letter!
Modern tech stack - be experienced with Teradata/AWS and advanced SQL
Together we can build state-of-the-art data solutions that power seamless experiences for millions of customers
 Ideally you will also:
Migrate custom data pipelines built in Python to Cloud Composer maintaining optimal data pipeline architecture.

Skills and Experience:
If this sounds like a position that suits your current career focus we look forward to hearing from you.
Selection Criteria:
You thrive in a fast paced environment and have 
Continual review of systems and services, providing feedback for improvement;
What's in it for you?
Get in touch with Ailbhe - ailbhe@theonset.com.au or 0481346579
Analysing company financial data
Proven experience in data engineering within a large-scale organisation with complex multi-dimensional platforms
Importantly you will collaborate with the IM technical team, IM product owner, key vendors, business stakeholders to ensure the EG Australia in-store roll out is successful and that the ongoing management of future IM product features, support and maintenance process has been agreed to and is in practice for subsequent rollouts.
Contribution to Open Source or participation in online data communities
You will also be required to work with key stakeholders such as Data Architect and Corporate Neighbourhood Lead to proactively introduce/oversee innovative thinking and analytical options and/or solutions to those situations.
You will be accountable for managing and mentoring a team that is responsible for the design and management of the YVW Data Warehouse, Business Intelligence, and Advanced Analytics solutions.
Data cleaning and assisting with the management and generation of Case Line Lists for serious adverse events.
Generous and flexible parental leave offering for primary and secondary carers
3+ years experience in a hands-on data science role – preferably in a commercial, B2C environment, delivering better business outcomes in partnership with sales, marketing and product teams through data science, machine learning or statistical modelling.
What a great time to join Virgin Australia!
With a strong market position and an outstanding leadership team, we are embarking on an exciting new chapter in our journey as we begin to recover from the impacts of COVID-19.
Extensive hands-on experience engineering data pipelines.
Working through the data supply chain pipeline – incl.
discovery/analysis, data ingestion, processing/transformation and working with large and often complex datasets from various business domains/systems/sources & formats incl.
Parquet, Delimited, JSON and RDMS in Batch and Near Real-Time (events and streams)
SQL scripting: T-SQL (SQL Server)
preferred but ANSI SQL concept is required
To be right for this role, you need: 
Actively participate in design and architecture activities and contribute towards strategic outcomes
Support the Delivery Hub Data and Insights Manager and Strategic Projects Manger to use data to discover insights, predict behaviour, through the visualisation and application of statistical and machine learning techniques with the ultimate objective of adding value to business decisions
Experience in harnessing High Performance Computing (HPC) systems for Big Data processing
Ideally you’ll have cloud certifications and training in cloud architecture.
You’ll have-
We are currently searching for an experienced Data Analyst to join our Data Systems team.
You will be responsible for supporting the Kelley Blue Book Vehicle Catalogue that Cox Automotive Australia use to provide valuations to products across the ecosystem and be responsible for determining the valuation of used and new vehicles. 
Set performance targets to support new and existing KPIs across all channels
Data Collection & Integration, Profiling & Cleansing, Analysis & Reporting, and Insight & Forecasting experience is required
Support the ongoing development of the Data Science practice technically.
Growing company with huge progression opportunities
Applications Close: 12 December 2021
About Elula (https://elula.ai/team/)
Understand and evolve the relationship between data models and the interconnected relationships between data sources
Working experience on relational as well as non-relational databases
SAEFVIC is a specialist vaccine safety service focusing on vaccine safety and surveillance and is a national leader in vaccine safety.
It helps immunisation providers report and manage both children and adults who have had (or are at increased risk of)
an adverse event following immunisation (AEFI).
SAEFVIC has two main arms, with the SAEFVIC clinical team part of the Infection and Immunity theme at Murdoch Children’s Research Institute, and the SAEFVIC Epidemiology and Signal detection team based in the MCRI Health Informatics group at the new Centre for Health Analytics of the Melbourne Children’s campus (healthanalytics.org.au).
The Epidemiology and Signal detection team manage the state-wide surveillance system, reporting to the Department of Health, Victoria and nationally on AEFI trends and potential signal detections.
Research activities include the investigation and validation of AEFI signal events and establishment of enhanced signal detection methodologies including near real-time surveillance from a range of health data sources, and the establishment of vaccine safety data linkage in Victoria.
SAFEVIC engages with networks focussing on vaccine-related issues of public health importance and supports the National Immunisation Program, including roll out of the COVID-19 vaccination program.
This role supports the data analysis operations and objectives of both SAEFVIC and the Health Informatics group, including database management, maintenance, optimisation and data analytics; and maintenance and enhancement of informatics tools and platforms.
Product Range Optimisation Analyst 
ESTA is focused on building an inclusive culture that will contribute to our ongoing sustainability and success.
We are accelerating our commitment to achieving gender equity, including equitable employment opportunities and outcomes for women in leadership and women aspiring to leadership
Strong grasp of a programming language specifically writing applications for production use.
Skills/Experience
Understanding of data science methodologies and the processes of data scientists follow in problem-solving.
3 X Data Analysts - looking after mortgages, unsecured loans, savings, deposits, credit cards across multiple brand portfolio across the Consumer Banking and Product space.
Or thinking about what the next 5 years look like and how does your next role fit into it?
Our Values
Identify, analyse, and interpret trends or patterns relating to key performance
Tertiary qualified in Computer Science or other software/IT related fields.
Demonstrable experience in building data integration solutions 
Skills and Experience 
Safely testing and deploying new code using Buildkite.
Mobile product experience
Collaborating with RSL’s broader analytics ‘community of practice’ to drive best practice, data-driven decision making and a learning culture across RSL Qld.
Desirable Criteria
AWS Certification is well regarded
Established in 1999, Hollard is part of the Hollard International Group of companies and is an award-winning insurer in Australia and New Zealand. 
Sourcing, extracting, and managing datasets
Experience in the creation of a Business Process Management (BPM), including optimizing data streams, ideally infrastructure as well.
Purification process design, development and optimisation with guidance from the Senior Scientist or the Manager of Cell Culture and Purification
Home office allowance available for eligible roles upon commencement.
Salary: $120,000 + super + bonus (up to 20%)
Respond to external and internal client queries and provide insight into client business and profitability
Engineering robust, reliable and modular software in data science business solutions.
Proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office, and project management tools
Research and deliver best practices methodologies
Experience using agile project management software's
Providing data for key people initiatives and activities
Combine business acumen with analytical and statistical tools to identify trends and patterns from complex data sets to answer business problems, identify opportunities and advance customer experience.
Data Analysts
Experience in any of the following: SQL, R, Python, Tableau, PowerBI
As our successful candidates, you will ideally have proven experience as a data transformation / integrationspecialist with cloud engineering exposure and you have strong hands on ETL & SQL skills.
Demonstratedcapability ensuring end-to-end solution designs meet the needs of the client, provide for a quality technicalsolution, and comply with architectural directions and enterprise standards along with the ability to workcollaboratively with other IT teams across the group are essential.
Real Time data processing and opening data microservices.
Please submit applications by COB Wednesday 15 December 2021.
Experience working with Azure Data Factory and Databricks
Motivated by continuous improvementThe successful candidate will need to provide a Flu and COVID Vaccination Statement and a satisfactory police clearance less than 12 months old before commencement.
Provide insight into COS projects and business as usual activities from both a strategic and operational perspective through provision of analytical and visualisation service
Exciting growth plans, both locally and internationally
Contribute to the design and implementation of workflows and user interfaces to enable our customers to practically apply the algorithms with minimal technical skill.
If this sounds like the role for you, apply now and submit your CV and cover letter!
A Position Description can be requested by emailing HR@vcs.org.au
Perform ROI/CPA analysis to evaluate efficiency and effectiveness of different campaigns
Develop documentation and artefacts to support projects and knowledge sharing technical and business information with the team.
Spatial science
Discounts on insurance products, car hire, hotels, goods and services
High attention to detail with solid documentation skills and good client communication skills
Proactively identify improvement opportunities and use strong engagement skills to work with functional areas to deliver and embed improvements
Access and manipulate data to evaluate the impact of each initiative against key retention metrics and other determined success metrics. 
To request a copy of the Position Description
, please email stephen.vassallo@c-res.com.au   
Proven judgement and decision-making abilities
 
The health and safety of our people, customers and communities is our number one priority.
This means that we require all of our employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19.
Please speak to us if you have any questions about this based on your individual circumstances.  
If this sounds like you, we would like to hear from you.  
If you are already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick [link removed] to submit a valid application.
We are keen to support you with the next step in your career.  
We are aware of some accessibility issues on this site, particularly for screen reader users.
We want to make finding your dream job as easy as possible, so if you require additional support, please contact HR Direct on 1800 989 696.
What you can expect from us:
FOUR DAY WEEK (paying $130,000)
Strong data analysis skills
Data Engineer : Anywhere Australia
Translating customer requirements into a scope of work
Take ownership of invoices and stocktake assessments
  What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Luke on 0292492289 now.
If this job isn't quite right for you
but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.  
SA Licence number : LHS 297508
Experience architecting and implementing on ETL solutions
Experience in BI platforms (such as Tableau, Power BI), SPSS, and understanding of the statistical analysis of correlations in data
$102,637 - $124,183 (Plus Superannuation)
Must have worked on physical/dimensional modeling, star/snowflake schema and designed fact/dimension tables as per the reporting.
To help you hit the ground running, we're looking for your data warehousing, business intelligence or data engineering skills.
In return, we will support you, encourage and promote collaboration within the team to help set you up for success.
This role involves employing your initiative, technical knowledge and strong oral and written communication to translate and implement medium to complex requirements into DW/BI solutions using appropriate methodologies and standards.
Courage to challenge established norms in a constructive way and drive change
Degree qualified in Computer Science, Engineering or a Statistics
Strong background in protein biochemistry with expertise in various analytical techniques
MacBook Pro supplied
- Manage environments in accordance with company security guidelines.
Day to day tasks include:• Leads the design and definition of software systems and components to meet your Squads remit, considering robustness, fault tolerance, scalability and performance.• Being responsible for your service in production, its consistent uptime, troubleshooting,  nonfunctional SLAs.• Ensuring that systems are adequately developed, tested, and are fit for purpose.• Collaborating closely with Data Scientists, Ontologists, Optimization Analysts, Data Services and Service and Strategy Managers to deliver excellent software for our partners in an agile environment.• Working in a passionate, dynamic, growing environment with the ability to learn and adapt quickly to new methodologies and technologies.• Driving towards continuous delivery; Act as an enabler for your team members, removingobstacles from their paths and identifying potentials for delivery, business and processimprovements.• Strive for technical excellence; Help communicate the healthy tension between the desire forimmediate delivery and the long-term viability of the code base.• Support experiments to assess performance of various algorithms and use the results toiteratively improve the platform.
Prioritise and respond to ad-hoc analytical requests from internal stakeholders
You must be able to understand biological separation technologies and processes.
The knowledge of relevant regulatory requirements (FDA, EMA or TGA) is a plus.

A culture that fosters achievement 

December 2021.
Innovate on and improve existing launch playbooks to incorporate learnings
Primary 
We are a highly driven team of people from a diverse range of backgrounds, all with a common goal.   
Our mission is to remove barriers to care, lower the threshold for asking for help and then help people navigate the confusing network of support to ensure they get the care they need, when and how they need it most. 
Experience with SQL scripting and coding models
Produce Data and Analysis for inclusion in published documents
THE PERSON
Demonstrable experience in delivering insightful analysis and reporting solutions
Working at Essity is not just a career; it is a chance to directly make the world a healthier, more hygienic and safer place.
With impactful innovations coupled with sustainable solutions, we strive to reach more people every year with the necessary and essential solutions for well-being.
Demonstrated experience with SSAS, SSRS, SSIS, ETL, PowerBI
Promotional opportunities for permanent staff. 
Locating and fixing errors in reports, make recommendations to resolve issues with the underlying data structures to enable improved reporting capabilities
AWS certification
Flexible working arrangements  
Oversee and deliver cloud and data solutions from both a technical and project standpoint.
Working with internal and regional teams to ensure the integrity of data and systems,
For the health and safety of staff and guests, Virgin Australia has implemented a mandatory COVID-19 Vaccination Policy.
New staff who commence prior to 15 November 2021 will be required to comply with the Policy which will include being fully vaccinated against COVID-19 before the deadline for your work group and providing Virgin Australia with evidence of your vaccination status.
Applications close 17th December 2021.

experience working in a DevOps model in an Agile environment  

Supervise and conduct in vivo and in vitro experiments to understand the mechanism of action of selected drug candidates;
Experience with shell scripting, Python, and Javascript
At AGL, all employees are encouraged to be themselves and to bring their whole selves to work every day.
We encourage applications from Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander people, people living with disability, culturally and linguistically diverse people and people of the LGBTQ+ community, including transgender, gender diverse, and intersex people.
Ability to work independently and also contribute to overall architecture and design
Our time is now.
We are challenging the status quo and we're excited about our future!
Ability to develop design specifications for web portal improvements
Qualification in Information Technology, Data Science or related fields highly desirable.
This is an exciting time to join Painted Dog and contribute to its future.
More specifically, you’ll be joining the Melbourne office close to day one – a great chance to jump on board an exciting chapter of Painted Dog’s growth.      
Work in an Agile development environment to determine data engineering requirements then execute on the delivery of agreed requirements each development sprint
This is a unique opportunity for a seasoned Data Analyst - Mid Level with strong experience in exploratory analytics, business intelligence and curiosity for data science.
You will work on products and services that contribute to making a tangible difference to the board and governance landscape of Australia.
carsales is an equal opportunity employer who prides themselves on fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace.
We encourage everyone of all ages, genders and backgrounds to apply.
If you’re a candidate with a disability or you’ll need some adjustments to be at your best, let us know how we can provide you with additional support.
We work hard to create a safe and inclusive environment for all, and most importantly, we're all about creating better experiences – for our customers and for each other. 
Hungry to be trained and mentored to a high level in the field of analytics
Very good communication and stakeholder management skills
Proven experience in the development of reporting templates and the delivery of scheduled and ad-hoc reports
The Corporate Operations Group brings together specialist support services in Digital Transformation & Data, Technology, Operations, Human Resources, Business Services, Business Improvement & Strategy, and the Macquarie Group Foundation.
We deliver service excellence to ensure Macquarie is open for business, deliver on transformational change, invest in our people and have deep relationships with our customers.
Practical knowledge in two or more of the following platforms would be advantageous: PowerBI, Azure Data Lake, Azure Analysis Services, Apache Spark, Docker Containers, DevOps, Kubernetes
Experience working with Azure Data Factory and Databricks 50%
Strong relationship management and communication skills
Exposure to machine learning development and deployment at scale on cloud platforms, preferably AWS
Knowledge
Resolve data issues and rely on your data analytics skills to do so
Advanced user of Excel
Deliver and automate a range of bespoke Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistical Modelling led projects leveraging techniques that may include; Unsupervised & Supervised Learning, Bayesian Statistics, Principal Component Analysis, Neural Networks, Gradient Boosting, Linear/Logistic Regression, (Geo-)
Spatial Modeling, Recommendation Engines, Attribution Modelling, Customer Segmentation, Predictive Modelling, Time Series Analysis, Decision/Scoring Engines, Monte-Carlo Simulation, Yield Optimization, etc. 
Data warehousing and SQL
Research, design and build pragmatic, scalable, and statistically rigorous solutions
As a Senior Analyst – Data Engineering you’ll be joining an existing team of ten.  
You’ll be helping the organisation make better decisions by designing and building advanced analytics data products, using a variety of modern cloud analytics tools and platforms.
You will be instrumental in the generation of key end-of-month and end-of-year reports to support different business units, as well as the generation of reports to comply with our regulatory obligations.
Your excellent communication skills will see you interacting with business stakeholders as well as your technical peers.
Advanced experience in data analysis with SPSS or STATA
Establishing long term, robust and effective customer relationships
Blackmores Group is an ASX 200 publicly-listed company, with an extensive presence across Asia Pacific.
Founded by visionary naturopath Maurice Blackmore in 1932, our vision is to connect every person on earth to the healing power of nature by combining our knowledge of nature and science to deliver quality health solutions to people and their pets everywhere, every day.
Recognising that you can’t have healthy people without a healthy planet, we’re strongly committed to embedding sustainability across our business and giving back to the communities in which we operate. 
Have knowledge of Real-time and Batch Big data system & Data Analysis using Python.
Diverse and inclusive workplace
Australian Clinical Labs recognises our primary responsibility is to the patients and practitioners in the communities we service.
We are focused on continuously reviewing and improving our operations, IT systems, logistics, medical technologies/robotics and processes to ensure effective and efficient service, and to sustain our long-term financial viability.
Proactively undertaking outreach across the Organisation to build team awareness and its purpose within the intelligence collection cycle.
Analysing and translating business metrics and measures to develop technical design artifacts and data models supporting long-term solutions
 So what
’s in it for you?
Develop data processing jobs and pipelines in support of analytics  
define critical Business Objects, critical Data Elements
Able to test your work, debug and profile applications, and communicate results and trade-offs.
In this mid-level business-critical role, you will be using the latest methodologies and technology in the Data Engineering space.
You will participate in the design and execution of our business strategy and help us enhance our data solution.
Familiarity and comfort with at least one of the visualization tool/packages - Tableau, Power BI, Alteryx, R Shiny, Python Dash, Google Data Studio
Design systems using dataOps best practices such as automated deployment, synchronized isolated workspaces, automatic testing, monitoring of data pipelines, “don’t repeat yourself”, version control, and CI/CD principles
ABOUT YOU
La Trobe University is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to providing a diverse, inclusive and respectful working environment for all staff.
We offer flexible work arrangements that can assist you in balancing your work and other responsibilities.
Broad research experience a newly emerging biomolecular surface chemistry,
extracellular vesicles/exosome technologies, with a focus on biomarker translation to clinically and commercially relevant products
Ability to understand business problems and translate business requirements into practical, tangible delivery of information, analytics and reporting to stakeholders
Government Agency
Develop new and maintain current Tableau dashboards as required.
Solutions architecture experience across data, digital and integration
Gather requirements, design, build and test analytics solutions
Have exposure to asset management, custodian or financial services experience.
Designing and implementing Azure data technologies, services, and tools to ingest, egress, and transform data from multiple sources.
We are seeking a highly-motivated Scientist to join our Cell Culture & Purification team.
You will provide scientific expertise for the development of robust and scalable purification processes for recombinant proteins.
You will need to be able to understand complex business processes, gather requirements and work at the highest level to verify their result.
Responsibilities
We are committed to creating a culture where people can be their best, in an environment that values inclusion, diversity and flexibility.
At Bayer everyone belongs, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, national origin, citizenship, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, or gender identity.
We encourage Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people to apply. 
We also welcome applicants with diverse educational backgrounds, professional knowledge, personality types, thinking styles and life experiences. 
If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. 
 Culture & Benefits:
We are problem solvers and experts in our field.
And we love what we do because it makes a difference to those who really need it.    
Can work independently but also strong a team player
If you are seeking a new challenge and would enjoy the opportunity to work in a growing and changing business, click on the APPLY NOW button and submit your application.
Auto & General welcome and value diversity in the workplace*A note from Auto & General to recruitment agencies: We politely ask that you avoid making any approaches or sending any unsolicited resumes to our Recruitment Team or Hiring Leaders across our business.
Auto & General is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. 
Why Join Loup?
If you have a passion for learning new technologies, want to be tech agnostic, and work with like-minded technologists, Servian is the place to grow your career and have fun in the process!
Demonstrated ability to create reporting, analyse data and deliver compelling recommendations.
Ability to present data and information in a simple manner using key principles of data visualisation
Strong time management and self-reliance to close gaps and complete deliverables
Here at the Data School, we don’t look at what’s on your CV or your experience.
What we are looking for is:
Engaging with stakeholders to generate actionable insights and uplift business outcomes using People data
Always be challenged and working on leading edge projects
You demonstrate a solid understanding across different types of data structures such as 3NF Data Warehouses and Dimensional Modelling.
Desirable experience working on Raw Data Vault and Business Vault environments.
Digital Health Migration Lead
Understanding of data integration points and implications across all teams
What success looks like 
producing reports by combining data from various systems
An ability to explain complex matters to a non-technical audience
Full time permanent role
Counselling through our Employee Assist Program
AWS tools like Lambda, SQS, Kinesis, Glue.
We’d like you to have:
Engage with internal and external stakeholders to consult around existing dashboard product requests
A strong commercial and customer focus, with a commitment to delivering outcomes for both
To be considered for the role click the 'apply' button or for more information about this and other opportunities please contact Robert Daniels on 02 9464 5973 or email:
rdaniels@paxus.com.au and quote the above job reference number.
The Company, Culture & Benefits
Department of Home Affairs
We are seeking an experienced Data Analyst - Mid Level to join our growing Data and Analytics team based in Sydney on a permanent full-time basis. 
So, are you ready to become part of our vision in building a better world though smart software and cloud services?
Flexible working options that encourage and promote work-life balance
Capable in working with Batch and real time data both.
The data science team aspires to create value from data through the use of advanced analytics, cognitive computing and AI.
Work with other teams as needed
Advanced SQL query writing and design skills including stored procedures, functions, views, tables and relationships
Data definition, collection, cleaning, extraction, and validation
Preparing, analysing and communicating monthly performance in collaboration with regional stakeholders
Ensuring documentation of respective technical systems and infrastructure are in place and kept up to date.
An exciting opportunity has become available for a dedicated and driven Data Science Officer (DSO) to join Ramsay’s Data Science Division on a permanent basis.
Flexible working programs
Get real benefits, work life balance and flexibility.
You bring your brilliant mind and we’ll help you take your learning to the next level with on the job training and external development opportunities - we want you to shine.
After all, YOU are the difference that makes us the better big bank.
Automating monitoring of data pipelines and data integrity
Track record of implementing models that deliver significant sustained business impact
Central location close to public transport
Attributes and skills

Initiative.
Contributes ideas and initiates new ways of working, shows enthusiasm for project work and special assignments and takes ownership of problems, acts on opportunities and devises practical solutions.
Professionalism.
Regulates own behaviour, comprehends organisational structure and culture and acts appropriately in the execution of duties.
Service orientation.
Displays a commitment to delivering quality client service, values the provision of accurate and timely information and relates to people from across the organisation.
Communication skills.
Communicates effectively verbally and in writing, adapting style to suit different audiences.
Integrity.
behaves in an honest and trustworthy manner, treats others fairly and is open about own misjudgements and any conflicts of interest which may be present
We also nurture and inspire the next generation of scientists and clinicians by educating and training more than 180 students each year, predominantly through our academic affiliation with Monash University.
Generate standardised reporting for all campaigns to track and report performance; report on critical metrics and generate next step recommendations
Dress for your day.
Conducting vaccine safety data analysis to support routine and COVID vaccine surveillance.
Delivery of both tactical and strategic solutions to support commercial objectives of the organisation and the ability to deliver to strict deadlines.
Collaborative and supportive team environment
Analysing and transforming complex raw datasets into cleansed and prepared data models.
Tertiary qualified in Computer Science, Software/IT or Engineering related fields.
Participate in production of sexed semen with emphasis on sterility and semen quality
Identify and engage with state-wide government and partnership stakeholders to gather and formalise their requirements.
General Lab duties
Good stakeholder skills, as you will be working with business partners, clients and other teams within the business
For more information about this or other opportunities, please contact Dennis Anderson.
Please quote our job reference number 555057.About usNTT
Ltd. is a leading global technology services company.
Working with organizations around the world, we achieve business outcomes through intelligent technology solutions. 
For us, intelligent means data driven, connected, digital and secure.
As a global ICT provider, we employ more than 40,000 people in a diverse and dynamic workplace that spans 57 countries, trading in 73 countries and delivering services in over 200 countries and regionsNTT is proud to be an equal opportunity employer with a global culture that embraces diversity.
We are committed to providing an environment free of unfair discrimination and harassment. 
We do not discriminate based on age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, veteran status, or other protected category. 
Develop and perform physical and chemical analysis methods such as Karl Fisher, HPLC and UV /Vis.
The Data Ops Team is one of our teams at the centre of our strategy for scaling, and constantly improving our support and services.  
The person in this role will be focused on the day-to-day technical delivery of contracted operational deliverables to agreed SLAs.
Forming part of a team of data engineers who drive the onboarding and operational support of multiple customer pipelines and data platforms, and the governance of their accounts, along with the continuous improvement backlogs for each.  
You’ll participate in building a team culture of good architecture, driving best practice operational excellence, security, reliability, performance efficiency, and cost optimization with fellow team members and across Servian more broadly.
You’ll work closely with a range of experienced, and talented technicians from across Servian, and continue to develop our own set of Company standards, patterns and frameworks for secure, high-performing, resilient, and efficient data platforms, pipelines and solutions.
         Skill in interpreting data and communicating insights;
Self-driven learner, with a strong appetite for data innovation.
Hadoop ecosystem - architecture understanding and prior * hands on experience
Salary, Benefits & Perks
Flexible working environment
Develop and document reports using BI tools and other technology
Major new cycling and pedestrian paths. 
As part of the application process, Evolution will be collecting your personal information to assess your suitability for the role.
Then this just might be...
Experience in collaborating with international stakeholder groups and data owners to understand local context for analysis and key messages
Contributing to platform health and collaborating, mentoring and helping to grow the capability of the team around you.
Solid CloudFormation skills
Experience solving cloud-technology related issues will be highly critical, being able to troubleshoot and form a plan of action to resolve an issue, within a customer centric environment.
Why join us 
Please call the Melbourne office on 03 90401630
Pipeline, ETL, DWH, Database, Data lake knowledge is a strong bonus. 
Curiosity to learn and keep up with market trends and innovations
Working knowledge of SDLC tools for BI (Git, RedGate)
Key Responsibilities:            
End to End Test Management, training documentation/delivery, and implementation support to ensure successful delivery of business and technology initiatives.
Understand and manage responsibilities for a Product and Service still in development.
Azure Data certification desirable
(e.g: DP-900, DP-203).
The People Data and Analytics team supports the People Division and broader organisation with analytics that enable fact-based decision making on our most valuable asset, our people.
This is an exciting and challenging role in the emerging field of people analytics and provides an excellent opportunity to advance your core data and analysis skills in a collaborative and supportive team environment.
You’ll also have experience with cloud capabilities AWS/Azure/Google, Kubernetes and Docker, and understand full containerised environments, micro-serviced architectures and understanding what enterprise architecture 'looks like' and why it should change.
Critical that you are internally motivated, can operate on your own and enjoy autonomy
Flexible ways of working
Our people are empowered to make decisions, take ownership, and have their say.
Bureaucracy is left at the door and it’s all about the team.
Judo encourages all manner of diversity (including nationalities, skills, capabilities etc.), as it is a crucial aspect of our culture.
Our people work hard with our purpose in mind and have a lot of fun in the process – revolutionising Australian business banking and working in the best job they have ever had!
Support, encourage and mentor team members to achieve personal and team goals.
This role will focus on leveraging our industry-leading new capability that produces store-specific ranges and help pave the way for new processes moving forward.
You will work closely with the Commercial, Planning, and Analyst teams and ultimately provide front-line analysis to enable great customer outcomes through our range reviews. 
With more than 1500 people nationally, we believe our success is built on the unique contribution of our people.
Diversity and Inclusion is core to what we believe in and who we are.
We aspire for everyone at MLC Life Insurance to feel valued and respected for who they are.
6 months contract + extensions 
Strong commercial acumen and business skills
Finance and/or accounting background required.
accountability through clear ownership and management
Own accurate and meaningful data stories to support user decisions
experience working in a Research setting, or in a large, complex organisation
You will be very comfortable talking to business stakeholders and explaining data concepts
Experience working in scaled agile framework (SAFe) environments.
Creating Data visualisation and storytelling to improve campaign performance
About you
Advanced proficiency with SQL (MSSQL/MYSQL) and Python or R
Agile methodologies experience.
Advanced degree (Ph.D.) in machine learning, computer science, physics, applied mathematics, or statistics.
Occupational Assessment, Screening and Vaccination Against Specified Infectious Diseases
Weekly pay cycles
Prior to offer you’ll complete a pre-employment police and medical check.
Gather stakeholder requirements based on strategic direction
We have an urgent requirement for mutiple hands-on Data Engineers for an initial 6 months with a high chance of extension.  
Our client is Melbourne based but roles are 100% WFH.   
Role responsibilities:    
You can wrangle, model and analyse in one or more programming languages (preferably R, Python, SAS, SQL, Excel, SPSS, STATA)
Act as Programme Director for the CT:IQ collaborative project.
Free flu vaccinations
Maintain knowledge base and documentation of system functionalities and data mapping.  
Attractive base salary of $104,576 plus superannuation
Please scroll down to apply.
Desirable tech skills:
Excel, SQL, PowerBI/Tableau and/or Python/R to analyse and visualise data
$95 - $115 per hour (market estimate / negotiable)
Identifying investment themes and trends
A down to earth working environment
Strong problem-solving skills with critical thinking with the capability to negotiate and influence.
Promote collaboration between internal stakeholders to drive data and analytics within the organisation
Ability to understand interaction of complex variables and synthesize information to create meaningful reports and recommendations
Excellent collaborative interpersonal communication and team interaction skills, with the ability to explain technical concepts to a range of audiences.
Ability to communicate and present ideas, leadingthe discussion in both technical and user-friendly language Qualifications
Providing regular reports of key Telehealth metrics to external clients and internal operational stakeholders.
Key Responsibilities: 
Experience as a Business Analysis in Agile teams or Agile Project Delivery
Oversee and perform quality assurance and data validation
perform high-level analysis of technical requirements to support project evaluation with proposed solutions
No agencies or third parties please.
Delivering a data analysis over a diverse range of data sources and formats, including structured, multi-structured, and unstructured.
You will be transforming data from multiple sources and using your knowledge of governance and quality, to create meaningful data sets
Tertiary qualification in statistics, computing, data or a related field
Qualifications
AWS DMS/Experience with database replication
Attractive remuneration, career development or work-life balance
Collaborating and guiding the Vendor team of data engineers and dataOps engineers
Do work that matters  
As an experienced ETL Engineer with proven expertise in Production support and a passion for providing data-driven platform solutions, you're ahead of trends and work at the forefront of Big Data platforms.  
Which is why we're the perfect fit for you.
Here, you'll be part of a team of engineers going above and beyond to improve the standard of ITIL practices.
Using the latest tech to solve our customers' most complex data-centric problems, including operational and platform issues.  
Your experience means you're able to execute state-of-the-art ITIL practices, driving high quality outcomes to solve core business objectives and minimise risks.
Communicating to technical and non-technical stakeholders & other teams across the business comes naturally to you.  
See yourself in our team  To us, data is everything.
It's what powers our cutting-edge features
and it's the reason we can provide seamless experiences for millions of customers from app to branch.
We're responsible for CommBank's key analytics capabilities and work to create world-leading capabilities for analytics, information management and decisioning.
We work across the Group Data Warehouse, Hadoop Big Data Platform, Pega Decisioning, SAS, R, Tableau, Oracle BI, Ab Initio and Data Stage.  
This role would be ideal for an experienced Senior Engineer with a strong background in building ETL applications, with a commendable exposure to production support, deploying and managing batch jobs on the Teradata platform.
Reporting to the Operations Manager for Data Operations in the Chief Data Office, you will interact with a range of internal teams and stakeholders including but not limited to production and core engineering teams.  
What skills you will possess?
a variety of leave options, including four weeks annual leave;
Demonstrates strong verbal and numerical skills (complex calculations, data analysis and reconciliation, numerical and verbal logical reasoning)
Required Skills & Experience
Business requirements into technical specification including data models and functionality of end user applications.
Proven ability to proactively build rapport with customers to achieve an understanding ofcustomer needs and improve the quality and timeliness of service delivery
You will be working closely with scientists and clients to fine tune our services so that they help achieve the best results in support of environmental impact minimisation and rehabilitation.
This involves working on large local and international projects as part of a successful team.
Excellent analytical skills
Understand and take ownership of the investment data lifecycle to resolve data and reporting issues
Enterprise Asset Management (Maintenance Work Definitions, Maintenance Work Orders).
Good time management and organisational abilities.
Knowledge of Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Lake, Azure SQL DW, and Azure SQL and Azure App Service
Find your data - Choose any data set you want!
We mean it; from politics to sport, TV and popular culture. 
Tableau provide many data sets on their resources page.
Consulting background 
Oversee the engineering datamart for analysts and BI tools with high performance and availability
Interfacing with customers on technical issues and acting as a link between product team and technical teams
Providing technical guidance as SME and hands-on delivery team member across multiple clients and engagements.
Optimise data storage, automate data processes, and create data tools for enabling efficient queries
We thank you for taking the time submitting your application.
For more information, you can contact anthony.chediac@evolutionmining.com
Alongside your formulation experience, you’ll bring clear and professional communication skills, an eye for detail and a commitment to quality.
As a great team player, you’ll be able to self-manage and work collaboratively with your peers in a fast-paced environment.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems.
Online Education Services (OES) is an education provider that offers educational services for students and professionals including university programs.
This position will be working within OES in association with Monash University.
💪Gym allowance, weekly yoga and group gym sessions
You have a background in SQL, and a language such as Python, Java or Scala.
Mental Health & Wellbeing Program
Strong presentation skills
Data analysis and problem solving with the ability to interpret findings, identify key data insights and improve inefficiencies
Polyglot software engineering or in-depth automation and scripting experience.
Managing own career development by soliciting feedback and valuing other perspectives
Must be able to perform under tight timeframes and execute problem solving skills.
Our client, a very large Government Organisation, tasked with the responsibility of protecting Australia
and it's National interests, is Seeking the experience of a Data Migration & Assurance Analyst for a long 12+12+12 month contract, based in Russell Offices, Canberra, ACT.
NSW Government
Support a collaborative, dynamic planning process
Experience in large scale Digital Transformation Projects involving data migration, data profiling or data remediation.
● Experienced in analysis, synthesis of multiple data points & turning insights into engaging storytelling ● Strong communication skills (both verbal and written); experience in creating materials (eg slides) to convey key insights ● Strong project management skills and the ability to manage multiple and competing priorities 
Accountable for creating and capturing accurate and complete records of the business activities related to this position, in accordance with approved policy and procedures. 
You will work amongst a group of hard-working, fun and caring people who will support you to have a successful and fulfilling career at Datagamz. 
Azure Data Factory experience
Simplify and translate complex research findings to address practical road safety challenges
The details
Most importantly, desire, self-driven and aptitude to creatively solve problems, tenaciously seeking out practical solutions to complex as well as mundane problems.
Drive project pipelines, solution design and overall implementation of infrastructure and applications primarily across Azure SQL databases using DataOps methodologies.
Convex programming

Should be able to work on AWS - S3, EMR, Redshift 

Should hold working knowledge in Azure services (ADF, ADLS, Event Hub, cosmosdb, Azure Databricks, etc...).
Demonstrated ability to align data analytics capabilities with customer needs, formulating and executing on delivery strategies, negotiating and sustaining effective partnerships.
Work with various Business Units to understand and document their project support requirements across Microsoft Azure and Power BI technologies.
Translate complex data into convincing reports and findings
Awareness of AI and ML technologies and principles is desirable.
New Aim was established in 2005 and from a humble beginning built a leading eCommerce business with a unique business model.
We have delivered to more than 40% of Australian residential addresses and in FY21 alone we sent more than 4 million items from our warehouses.
Ultimately, we are looking for a team player with a keen eye for detail who is excited by a challenging role you can make your own.
Demonstrated background developing solutions using PowerBI, and SQL Server Report Services (SSRS)
The Business Intelligence (BI) Developer role involves providing a high level of reporting capabilities to genU management and end user staff.
This role will develop and maintain the genU Data and Analytics platform, enabling analytics and detailed insights into the performance and operational data provided by government and independent contract providers for all divisions of genU.
The BI Developer will also provide technical support to genU staff working closely with the ICT team, including providing support around database administration tasks.
Closing date and time
Experience developing SSAS dimensional models
Working with the internal teams to deliver technical capability, strategic thinking and know-how to help to deliver critical projects on the data roadmap
Salary Packaging
Working at Optus will provide you with a range of benefits that will enrich your personal and professional life.
With features such as a range on on-site Health and Wellbeing specialists, financial advisers, company discounts and childcare services, we ensure that we provide you with a safe and productive work environment.
Team/company events
Rio Tinto Information Systems and Technology (IS&T) operates to enable better alignment with customer priorities, end-to-end accountability and flexibility to prioritise critical work.
The function provides solutions that are aligned with current and future business requirements through the development and ongoing delivery of IT strategy and solution roadmaps.
Through appropriate governance, consultative processes, and the use of industry best practices, IS&T also ensures that emerging technologies and innovative ideas are constantly evaluated, considered, and adopted, to provide easy-to-use, best-in-class solutions and services.
About North East Link
 PD HEO9 - Data Scientist.pdf
What Can Terra Firma Offer You?
Experience in business analytics, with extensive exposure to data management
data driven insights and recommendations
Ability to communicate effectively with team members and stakeholders at all levels of the organisation
familiar with cloud computing concepts (AWS) and Linux
Keep accurate and complete records of work activities in accordance with legislative requirements and the department's records, information security, privacy and governance policies.
If you are keen for a new challenge or looking to grow your career as a Business Analyst, click the 'Apply' button now!
For more information or a confidential discussion, please contact Ryan at ryan.ching@peoplebank.com.au quoting reference 241557.
Develop data and automation products aimed at improving business processes, generating insights or performing predictions
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Peoples are encouraged to apply.
Your role in our future.
Higher qualifications in a related field would advantageous
The Interview - If you impress us with your passion, innovation and understanding of data, you will be invited to an interview with our Head Coach and you've started the application
In-depth knowledge of machine learning algorithms.
If you’re interested, please ‘apply now’ with a CV and cover letter explaining why you want to work as an Online Learning Advisor or Online Unit Coordinator.  
Understanding of data processing performance and cost optimisation trade-offs in modern BI environments
regular management reporting with continuous improvement focus
Skills in gathering and analysing business requirements from internal and external stakeholders
👋 Engaged in the local design and tech community
Design and improve optimisation models
Engage with clients throughout the lifecycle of the project on both advisory and delivery assignments.
Generous personal leave entitlements
We’re proud of our workplace culture, and we reward and recognise our people who best represent our company values of excellence, passion, caring, integrity, collaboration and courage.
Reproductive health and pregnancy
Apply today.
Design, test, implement and maintain business intelligence models, reports, and dashboards
WEHI is where the world's brightest minds collaborate and innovate to make discoveries that will help us to live healthier for longer.
Our medical researchers have been serving the community for more than 100 years.
We bring together people with different skills and experience who are committed to long-term discovery.
Our teams of researchers are committed to solving the most complex health problems, making transformative discoveries for cancer, infectious and immune diseases, developmental disorders and healthy ageing.
Stretching your knowledge of Data Science and Information Management in an environment of growth and transformation;
Along with at least 1-3 years’ experience working in analytics and insight and a degree in an appropriate field or an equivalent combination of relevant experience and / or education and training you will have the following:
Demonstrated ability with ETL tools preferably the Azure stack (Azure Data Factory, Azure SSIS)
About you:
Who we are
Focused on the design and build of our Digital Ecosystem data flow requirements, this role will see you develop and deliver analytics and the broader customer and business roadmap.
Exposure to R programming
Simulation
Proven experience with the design, development, modification and deployment of software using Agile methodology, source version control, and release management tools.
Facilitation skills
We’re a fast-paced, forward-thinking, entrepreneurial business, providing an incredible working environment as well as fantastic opportunities for career development and growth.
We provide a flexible work environment and a number of employee benefits, including free and discounted Menulog Meals, flexible working arrangements, paid parental leave, virtual health and fitness classes, free training courses, mental health programs and more.
The Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for providing Leadership both qualitative and quantitative analysis, insights and reporting on business performance that enables effective decision making.
Working closely with the Sales, Service and Parts teams you will implement the development, enhancement and utilisation of data driven solutions.
Join in on our fun work events and activities such as 'Funky shirt Fridays!'
, 'Coffee Club!'
and 'Emesent Radio'.
Ability to think critically about a business problem and develop analytics methodologies to deliver a solution
Generous parental support program
A high level of accuracy and attention to detail, with strong time management skills.
Experience implementing intra-day data pipeline integrations, whether its using queues, streams, micro-batches or pub-sub.
Employ leading-edge spatial analysis, modelling and visualisation techniques (i.e. multicriteria analysis, machine learning) to provide data exploration and sense making capabilities for the generation of improved insights.
Strong financial acumen
Experience with Cloud Services, MS Azure
Responsibility for collating and analysing data on your designated property markets
Optimize end to end Utility Bill Management process with a focus on improved parsing, incorporating OCR and machine learning.
Awesome perks for yourself and friends/family
An opportunity to work for a leading global organisation.
A role that makes a vital contribution to the Victorian community through a high-performance workforce
Experience developing or integrating streaming data and data brokers, with technologies such as Kafka.
This is an excellent opportunity to work in an inspiring workplace.
You'll be rewarded with a friendly and professional flexible work environment, comprehensive on-campus facilities, competitive salary, salary packaging options, access to a leading EAP program and regular social activities.
Join a group of dedicated people in a performance-driven environment to achieve success and discover what it's like to look forward to coming to work every day and make a real difference.
Train, validate and test machine learning models
Prepare documentation and timely maintenance of documentation for all processes, controls and activities
Knowledge, Expertise and Experience with Flow Cytometry an advantage
The branch is looking for people with strong analytical and problem solving skills who working with data and cutting edge technology.
The ability to work well within a team, and to develop positive working relationships with others within and external to the Department is essential.
You will be self-driven and have a commitment to innovation.
Utilise your subject matter expertise in Data Analytics and Insights reporting to provide data driven solutions
It is strongly encouraged that people with a disability who meet the inherent requirements of the position description apply for the role.
Apply for this job
- Become part of something special  
Ready to disrupt the industry?
Join us in taking that step towards fearing less and achieving more.
You will be a well communicative individual with a self-motivated and autonomous working style.
Work through the life cycle of the code from low-level design to production and Postproduction’s support.
Strong PC proficiency in MS Office particularly Word, Excel & Powerpoint.
2+ years experience working with Tableau or any similar data visualisation tool.
Duties 
About the Team
Prior experience working with large corporate organizations
As a Data Engineer you will be key in designing, building and optimising amaysim’s data pipelines from the ground up.
You will support our Data Architect, Data Analysts, Data Scientists and internal customers on data initiatives, and ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects, working autonomously and making decisions collaboratively, within a team that will support and challenge you as you grow and develop.
Detect patterns and relationships in data using a range of statistical, predictive modelling, data mining and machine learning techniques to identify threats and risks;
Brisbane
About Aegros
Highly developed communications skills both written and oral (articulate with good language skills) and will have strong listening and questioning talents.
You will be working on some of the most innovative and exciting projects allowing you to grow but also requiring you to bring forward your skills and ideas and play a key role in the delivery of successful projects.
Build continued support for the CT:IQ community of practice.
Ability to juggle multiple tasks 
Initial 6-Month Contract
From March 1st 2022, a condition of ongoing employment with ALDI will be that employees are fully vaccinated against COVID-19 unless they have a valid medical exemption.
This requirement will apply to all employees across stores, warehouse, transport and offices.
Strong interpersonal skills with the confidence to collaborate with technical and non technical stakeholders.
Providing expert advice on application integration implementations, configurations, and customisations in line with business needs with a focus on delivering value via continuous improvement.
This is Adairs:
The role will work closely with Data/Product Owners, Data Stewards, Data Custodians and Project teams to deliver solutions.
Support for parents with 14 weeks paid primary carers leave
Developing and adopting standards for authentication and authorization (AuthN/AuthZ), so that approved researchers can access data, potentially using CILogon, GA4GH’s Passport, or NIH’s RAS standards
In addition to this you will manage cloud environments in accordance with company security guidelines.
Identify and collect data from a variety of sources to meet client reporting requirements, including the ITSM tool, call centre queue management system etc.
Work with a Rollingstock industry leader
Advanced knowledge and operating competency with Laboratory Information Systems, Microsoft Office applications and Quality Management Systems and proven data analysis skills
Benefits:
         Strong analytical and problem-solving skills;
Interested in joining Australia’s largest public pathology service?
Apply now by addressing the following questions:
Strong SEO/SEM/PPC skills and knowledge
Champion system and process changes within the business by translating complex and technical ideas into user-friendly concepts
Expert in designing, building and operating complex data pipelines including real-time streaming and batch (ETL)
We're more than just a bank with banking products.
We change the lives of customers and communities.
Commercial actions with heart!
Supportive and diverse workplace culture
Reporting to the national Data Science leader, the successful candidate will be fluent in data modelling and time series forecasting, in addition to possessing experience in utilising SQL, Python and/or R and visualisation methods to provide accurate forecasting insights to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.  
Duties and Responsibilities;
Work as part of a team in a flexible and high quality translational  research environment for the undertaking translational and biomarker  research across a range of clinical conditions with a particular focus  on blood cancers
As "Architects of Positive Futures", Capgemini actively supports the community in 3 ways:
Loup is part of Fitness and Lifestyle Group (FLG), Asia-Pacific's leading health and wellness group headquartered in Australia.
FLG's portfolio of globally recognized brands includes Fitness First Australia, Goodlife Health Clubs Australia, Barry's Bootcamp Asia Pacific, Jetts Fitness, and Zap Fitness 24/7.
Demonstrated minimum 5 years’ experience as a Data Analyst.
Sound report writing skills
Must be prepared to engage in basic consulting between departments and with permanent clients. 
As a Data Engineer, you will be responsible for assisting a well-known government department in a program of work aimed at improving the accessibility, interoperability, and reusability of scientific data.
Across three projects, this position will play a critical role in implementing automated data processing pipelines using Azure cloud.
This will ultimately lead to the establishment of a Data Platform upon which more extensive machine learning capability can be applied in order to derive greater scientific insights.
Work closely with the Systems team and Group IT to manage data extraction, storage, integration, and transformation processes.   
Certification in Snowflake (SnowPro) preferred.
Devise or modify technical solutions to solve problems.
About the Company
The Business Intelligence Analyst works closely with Finance Services and business stakeholders to define requirements, and scope and develop solutions with the aim of improving business performance reporting capability.  
In turn this will deliver valuable information and insights to manage financial performance, drive
improved procurement outcomes and improve shared services provision. 
This opportunity is being offered by way of 2 year fixed term contract. 
You will be across everything data and big-data related, and be able to design, develop and maintain data pipelines
Location can be; Brisbane, Sydney or Melbourne
High level of SQL skills.
Cloud Data Engineer-EDP (38117)
You’re obsessed with all things that contribute to the crafting the ultimate database designs and structures and the business opportunities they present. 
Data      collection and data      entry into RedCap data management system
Be a part of a diverse, creative, and innovative team
A track record in demonstrating stakeholder management and influencing skills
Purpose driven organisation
Career opportunity for an Analytical Scientist (finished goods testing) with Chemistry/Science Degree coupled with solid experience in Health & Nutrition or Complementary Medicines or Pharma
Strong business analysis skills with a proven record of analysing processes and data related to gas field development projects and/or construction projects
Convert multiple data into business information to increase effectiveness in a complex environment
Recommend appropriate toolsets and libraries to drive better performing predictive models, business performance and model interpretability.
Update documentation to improve internal knowledge and customer experience
Our vision from the start has been making real, positive differences to businesses of all sizes, through AI.
We work with some of Australia’s most well-known companies, both locally and internationally, to solve all sorts of business problems.
And we partner with AWS to make it all happen.
Experience in Cloud infrastructure (preferably with Microsoft Azure)
We reserve the right to withdraw this ad prior to the closing date.

Experience in SQL programming and the use of scripting for the manipulation of data to generate datasets and metadata.   

Analysis:
What we are offering
It is expected that the successful applicant would be able to work both independently and directly to the project manager.
Good time management is essential with some initial reporting required by the end of 2021.
Skills Required:
Strong project management and reporting skills
Good understanding and experience with cloud services, such as Azure or AWS
Azure or AWS certification in Data Engineering or Architecture
This role will analyse and translate the business metrics and measures to develop technical design artifacts and data models supporting scalable long-term solutions.
Working with a variety of stakeholders and data development teams across the business, this role needs to be able to work with a degree of ambiguity in order to draw out required detail for the development of data model artifacts such as documentation, ER diagrams, relationships, and keys.
The data modeller will have ownership of data modelling standards and associated documentation.
Who are we? 
We are looking for an experienced Senior Data Analyst to work on a highly visible project involving a complex SQL multidimensional data warehouse, reporting and analytics solution for APRA-sourced data which is used to analyse and forecast liquidity and other nationally critical data in the Australian financial system.
Solid practical capability with SQL, P/SQL, databases, integration, master data management, quality assurance, data wrangling and data governance technologies.
Lead the design and implementation for platform network migrations, upgrades and enhancements
Applicants should prepare a statement outlining their expression of interest.   
This statement should outline why you are interested in the role as well as addressing the selection criteria outlined in the position description.
Strong SQL skills (coding complex logic)
For further information about this opportunity, please review the position description or contact us for a confidential discussion.
An exciting, permanent opportunity has arisen for a Service Reporting Analyst to produce client ready reports, undertake analysis of service desk metrics, service management process metrics, service reports, customer satisfaction, achievement against contract targets, adherence to policies and service level performance.
Data Modelling, Data Analysis, SQL Development, Python
Monitor analytics to make recommendations to improve engagement
Building and implementing CI/CD pipelines
provide support to development teams to ensure high quality custom solution realisation
Salary $109,801 plus superannuation
🤓 Sharp
👯‍♀️ Dependable
💪 Proactive 📈 High-value ❤
️ Caring 👩
‍🎤 Playful
Is your future at Dermalogica? 
Skills & Experience
As a member of the Defence Force Recruiting (DFR) Recruitment Operations Team, the Data Analyst will assist in the development and maintenance of national performance tracking and reporting systems which are accurate, time sensitive and meet the needs of internal and external stakeholders.
The Opportunity 
The Role in a nutshell:
Contribute to projects related to system implementations, customisations and upgrades including user acceptance testing and change management
Our culture
Embed user friendly analytical tools for the team
You have a keen desire to solve problems, and love to find patterns and insights within structured and unstructured data.
Propose analytics strategies and solutions that challenge and expand the thinking of everyone around you.
Previous experience in data centric organisations or a strong high profile consulting background is advantagous.
You will be a well communicative individual, who can work across teams, is self-motivated to learn about new technologies and has an autonomous working style.
Mental Health programs
Hopefully you also have an exposure to community care services domain.
You also have an ability to use modern techniques (e.g. UML, Use Cases, User Stories, System Diagrams, etc.)
to generate detailed functional / systems requirements and identify system boundaries, impact and limitations.
Requirements:
Experienced in Spark software stack.
Proficiency with data analysis and visualisation tools such as Tableau, PowerBI, Oracle BI, Google Analytics is ideal
Proficiency using data visualisation tools such as PowerBI and Tableau
Working closely with key Stakeholders to clearly define and understand reporting and data
Reporting to the Head of the department the key responsibilities of this role will include but not be limited to:
Strong data analytics and governance skills
Flexible working arrangements
Need more information?
  
1) Click here for the Position Description
  2) Find out more about applying for this position

For role related queries or questions contact Narender Singh on Narender.Singh@health.nsw.gov.au
Professional development support
About the company 
Experience with relational and NoSQL database, query optimisation and data modelling
An attractive compensation package, including a competitive salary and health and lifestyle benefits
Join our growing global NTT team and you’ll be part of the world’s largest ICT company (by revenue).
We’ve combined the capabilities of 28 remarkable companies to become one, leading technology services provider.
Together, we help our people, clients, and communities do great things with technology to create a more secure and connected future.
We employ 40,000 people across 57 countries.
By bringing together the world’s best technology companies and emerging innovators, we work together to deliver sustainable outcomes to businesses and the world.
Innovation is part of our DNA.
We believe it’s key to what makes us different.
So, we strive to move forward, challenge the status quo, and drive excellence through the technologies we integrate and the services we deliver around the world.
The result is connected cities, connected factories, connected healthcare, connected agriculture, connected conservation, connected mobility, and connected sport.
Together we enable the connected future.
- Manage cloud environments in accordance with company security guidelines
Key Focus for the role
Developing, implementing and maintaining a data management system with indicators, measures and data sources.
Data Lake and Warehousing storage layers.
Demonstrated strong interpersonal skills including the ability to effectively liaise and keep stakeholders informed and engaged, both verbally and in writing.
optimising ways of working and agile practices
Experience with Time-Series data
SQL Server 2012, 2014 or 2016+
Executing against the Data and Analytics roadmap, including optimisation of the existing capability as well the introduction of new capabilities
Knowledge with Git version control
Applying your expertise in querying the data warehouse different layers to validate accuracy.
Maintain high quality documents in line with relevant standards and industry expectations
Design, enhance, and redeploy large complex data sets as part of Coles Enterprise Data Platform project.
We are a professional membership body supporting 128 000+ diverse, talented and financially astute members. 
We employ over 350 people in 14 locations across Australia, New Zealand, UK and Asia.
When you join us, you have an opportunity to develop great skills & strong networks and do something different and fresh with your career.
Are you a seasoned Integration professional looking to play a key role within Chartered Accountants and be the go to person for all things Integration?
Could this person be you?We are looking for an experienced Integration Engineer.
Either with Dell Boomi experience or we can give you the opportunity to upskill/cross skill into this technology.
You must bring strong integration skills.
You will be part of a fun and social team working on a multi-faceted set of features, with a focus on establishing CI/CD, maintaining existing features, as well developing enhancements to our integration platform.
Excellent mathematics and algorithm development and implementation skills.
Awareness of Business Intelligence and analytical concepts, data visualisation techniques
If Statements
Experience using DBT, Fivetran and Snowflake
Troubleshoot and resolve issues raised to the end user's satisfaction via phone and email
Credit Analysis
About the Opportunity
Support training, communication and enablement efforts to uplift data literacy and capability
Experience working in a fast moving commercial environment and excellent organisational skills; this is a fast-paced operation in a high-growth phase, A demonstrated ability to work collaboratively, as well as to manage workflow in accordance with project timelines is required
For further information or enquiries please contact, Sarah Anderson sarah.anderson@ahpra.gov.au or you can email recruitment@ahpra.gov.au.
Experience with data visualisation to communicate data insights & reporting
• You will receive 10 weeks of training that will upskill you in both technical and professional skills
Working with our development team, product managers, member experience,  and marketing data analysts to understand data needs.
Reporting to the Data and Analytics Manager, you will significantly contribute to the design and implementation of a ground up build of an Azure Synapse data warehouse and analytics platform.
You will add significant value by;
The primary focus is the testing and release of complex, multivitamin products in a highly regulated lab environment
Collaborate with broader data community to understand data requirements and refine requests
Experience with Apache Airflow Orchestration tool is highly beneficial
Undertake system reviews through SQL based data analysis;
         Paid parental leave and flexibility to help you achieve balance in your life
Skills and experience
Experienced working in agile development & delivery processes
Advise on the development of improved data coding and gathering techniques to facilitate improved reliability, validity, and relevance of data analysis.   
Competitive Rates $$$
Drive the data side of the campaign and customer journey development process from requirements and selection through to quality control, measurement and ongoing optimisation
Please note you must be legally authorised to work in New Zealand to be considered for this role.
Required Experience:
Release planning, implementation, and code reviews
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples are encouraged to apply.
You will be a part of an invested, energized, curious team and have the courage and support to deliver innovative outcomes for our business.
Please ensure your cover letter & resume are articulate, clear and demonstrate your experience and understanding of the role.
Experience working on change data capture in a big data ecosystem;
Highly developed organizational skills with the ability to work autonomously and manage multiple tasks
Benefits and perks
Development and execution of Data migrations
Selection Criteria
Work closely with the Lead Engineer to determine data engineering team priorities.
Fundamental software engineering skills including command line familiarity, Git and basic Object Oriented programming
This position involves working in a fast paced environment and will be suitable for an individual who prides themselves on the level of accuracy in their work and has a strong customer focus.  
You will work as part of an experienced and dedicated team with exposure to a wide diversity of work.
The roles encompass a wide variety of work across specimen reception, data entry and core areas of the laboratory.
HDFS support and maintenance.
Establishment of the foundations for how data is ingested, manipulated, transformed, aggregated, stored, predicted and reported
Keywords: Data Analysis, Database, Data Extraction, System Analysis, Power BI, Tabelaus, Python, R
Exceptional attention to detail;
We don’t want to narrow the field; however, we do believe that the skills needed to be successful in this role include;
3-01-2022
Contribute to the setup of a data analytics central support
Cluster maintenance as well as creation and removal of nodes using tools like Ganglia, Nagios, Cloudera Manager Enterprise, Dell Open Manage and other tools.
With a proud history as a global bioscience medical research leader, Hudson Institute’s sole focus is on powering breakthrough scientific discoveries into improved health care that will transform lives.
Enjoys problem solving and utilising data and reporting solutions (PowerBI) to deliver clear reporting solutions
Working collaboratively with the Technical Lead and Digital Engineering Architect, suggesting new technologies and methods to support the efficiency and effectiveness of future analytics solutions and contributing to technical roadmaps.
Vastly dynamic learning environment, working with delivering value and working with stakeholders across the enterprise.
Experience in the testing of vaccines / biologics (e.g. protein concentration, potency / purity assays (
cell based neutralization, ELISA, CCID50, SPR) both as starting material and finished product.
About the role
Ability to document business requirements
Providing development opportunities for our women
Condense data and detailed analysis into a consumable format for Senior Managers and Stakeholders.
Demonstrated experience in Enterprise Data Warehousing, Data Store on Azure, Data Architecture for Enterprise cloud and Azure Data Factory.
SAP HANA Data Warehouse and SAP Analytics Cloud would be advantageous;
We currently operate in Australia and New Zealand, and will be spanning across all of Asia Pacific on a single, unified technology platform.
About the Role:
Data SME on key projects
Blackbook.ai can offer a fast paced and collaborative delivery environment with an emphasis on culture and teamwork, ensuring all projects are delivered with our high standards.
We have a large team of dedicated consultants able to work alongside and guide you through your journey, and offer on the job training and development with access to multiple certifications.
Our talented and agile team of data scientists, engineers and analytics leads co-create and solve complex problems.
It’s innovation, to create better experiences for our customers.
It’s adding real value, that supports decision making across the Wesfarmers Group, and its transformational work, that’ll change the industries we operate in.
Amazon Redshift
Ventia is a leading infrastructure services company, operating across Australia and New Zealand.
Our clients are the owners and operators of assets that are critical to our local communities.
We pride ourselves on working smart, safely and sustainably, harnessing the latest technologies and brightest minds.
With a diverse and proud heritage, we have a track record of delivering essential services to the communities in which we operate.
High level customer orientation and business acumen, demonstrated through the ability to translate business strategy and operations into powerful data solutions;
WHAT YOU WILL DO:
Data & Analytics - BI/DWH, Big Data Analytics, Data Engineering, Data Science, and Advanced Analytics.
Build & maintain stakeholder relationships.
Experience working alongside frontline teams and with management
A broad bunch of talented and sociable people who share a passion for fresh thinking, care about what they do and want to make difference.
Our team has backgrounds in commerce, psychology, humanities, mathematics, science, applied statistics, analytics & data science.  
A naturally inquisitive and analytical mind, and strong ability to problem solve
Proficient at using data visualisation tools - Power BI Apps, Tableau or similar.
Salary package: $90K - $100
K + Parking
Sunday 5 December 2021, 11:55pm AEDT
Keep abreast of the relevant road safety and injury prevention academic literature
Effective written and verbal communication skills and demonstrated    ability to interpret financial and non-financial data to effectively    add value to client analysis;
Will ensure you are developed and mentored - your personal development plan will focus on helping you reach your full potential to grow and advance your career; and
Contract Extensions are highly likely !
Airservices Australia is a government-owned organisation responsible for the safe and efficient management of 11% of the world’s airspace and provision of aviation rescue fire fighting services at Australia’s busiest airports.
Ideally some Financial Services domain experience
Design, develop and support business performance and financial reporting solutions
We are seeking a great collaborator with excellent organisation, attention to detail, and well-developed communication skills.  
Digital marketing experience and research skills essential.  
Proficiency in the Adobe Creative Suite (InDesign), Hubspot, and web analytics tools highly regarded.  
Degree in marketing, communications or related field preferred.
Highly developed accuracy and attention to detail.
Key Responsibilities 
Virgin Australia took flight under new ownership last year, with a renewed sense of identity and a focus on delivering unrivalled value for our target customer segments.
We are more passionate and committed than ever to delivering the uniquely Virgin customer experience Australians know and love. 
The ideal candidate will have:
SSRS Report Builder skills desired;
Data Scientists apply advanced data science techniques including supervised and unsupervised machine learning, deep learning, graph analytics, geospatial analytics, text mining and visualisation to solve complex business problems.
They develop predictive models to identify border threats and support operational decision-making. 
Identify improvement opportunities, make recommendations and work to implement them
Life at Dermalogica
Experience of working with large volumes of structured and unstructured data
Working as part of the Finished Goods team, you will conduct complex analysis of our products and act as an experienced chemistry consultant both internally and externally to ensure finished product studies are completed for Blackmores vitamin, mineral & nutritional supplements.
Preferable but not essential is experience with cables
Write several Netezza/Oracle/Redshift/Snowflake/Bigdata/Teradata SQL scripts to load the data in Redshift tables.
Location:
Sydney/Melbourne/QLD
Speak with requestors regarding results and the services of the department
Competitive salary package including performance bonus 
Opportunity to work on a key program at the Reserve Bank of Australia, delivering a new analytics platform that will be at the core of our economic insights and reporting. 
We’re sorry
– we can’t sponsor you, so make sure you can work in Australia
We are a small, down-to-earth IT team on the lookout for a junior data engineer to develop and enhance the processing and manipulation of revenue and platform data. 
Take your career in exciting, rewarding directions 
Support the development and rollout of new tools and processes within Food Group 
Manage and provide the data foundation for analysis
Australian Institute of Health and Welfare
Engage key stakeholders to manage, identify and correct data integrity issues
Join and shape a growing Data Science and Analytics Team in Jetstar Technology
We Offer 
Applications Development and support
Employment type:  
Full-time Employment (FTE)
Deep learning and reinforcement learning experience desirable.
Commercially minded with strong communication and negotiation skills
Responsible for the sourcing and cleansing of data and the development, testing & deployment of data pipelines and models required for Data Science applications and analysis.
We are Rexlabs – a sixty-person product house that takes complex problems and untangles them into simple, usable products.
We're a design-driven company that values ownership, initiative and constant learning.
Currently, we focus on the real estate industry.
Our largest product is Rex: a whole-of-business CRM used by over 1,300 real estate agencies across Australia, New Zealand and the UK.
Attention to detail, judgment, critical thinking, and decision making
Life friendly offices
Understanding business challenges and initiatives and scoping data driven solutions for management Information
Design, implement and support the data model other Power BI assets such as reports and dashboards.
Advanced experience in data checking and analysis
Data warehousing using SQL
Have strong interpersonal skills to effectively liaise internally across teams and present your own work to clients with commercial and data analytical teams
What is it like to work there?  
Bupa is a world leading Health & Care organisation with over 22,000 people in Australia and New Zealand, and our purpose is to help people live longer, healthier, and happier lives.
In Australia, we help to take care of people through our leading health insurance services as well as providing a personalised approach to care through our modern Dental clinic network, our Bupa Optical stores, Bupa Medical Visa services and over 70 Bupa Aged Care Homes.
Bupa Therapy, along with our Medical and Wellbeing Centre provide a multidiscipline approach to care.  
Our people reflect the diversity of our community.
At Bupa, your wellbeing, identity and own story is respected and valued.
We help organisations re-imagine their people’s health, wellness and safety.  
At the heart of the solution is a technology-driven platform supported by medical experts - available every minute of every day. 
Have a large focus on professional and personal development
Good understanding of how data is managed in a big data system, i.e. data lakes, data catalogs, how and when to use different file formats (e.g.  Parquet etc.)
Extra points for the following:
Demonstrated experience in the analysis of quantitative data
With a focus on significant measurable and sustainable growth and operational performance, the successful candidate will be responsible for identifying and delivering on new data-driven opportunities, delivering favourable and sustainable commercial outcomes, working in partnership with senior leaders across the business.
Accountabilities:
Operate in an Agile test and learn culture – fail fast, learn quick!
Our diverse and inclusive workforce is not only something we’re proud of, but something we’re committed to.
We encourage and support our people to bring their ‘whole selves’ to work every day.
This is because we believe all our differences contribute to our success and ensures a workforce that reflects the customers we serve.
Our commitment is backed by executive and employee-led working groups including All Abilities, LGBTI, Mental Health & Wellness and Gender Equity alongside other initiatives such as our Reconciliation Action Plan to grow our Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander workforce.
Product Quality (ensuring products consistently meet end user performance and quality expectations)
Experience with mathematical optimisationConvex programming
Alongside the above, we also provide employees with life and salary insurance, progressive parental leave policy, and a sociable workplace that truly values its diversity.
To make it a fun place you want to be involved in, we have a range of consultant-led initiatives to get everyone excited, which include social and tech clubs (gaming, IoT, chatbots, wellbeing, etc.), meetups, and cloud vendor hackathons.
Full- Time, Continuing
Well-developed analytical, problems solving and business engagement skills.
We are looking for a passionate data scientist to join our expanding team using satellite data for predictive analytics in agribusiness.
You will be joining an innovative and supportive data science team developing products that feed into a world class SaaS platform providing agricultural intelligence to some of the largest companies in agribusiness.
These include products related to crop classification and production estimates, productivity benchmarking and climate impacts.
What You’ll be doing
Reward and recognition - We reward high performance with employee recognition, reward and incentive schemes.
Agile and flexible, with the ability to work under own initiative in a dynamic and rapid response environment.
A high degree of business acumen and critical thinking abilities
As a Senior Data Engineer, you will be responsible for deploying ETL pipelines and developing end to end data pipelines.
You will manage, build and run the data platform using Python and AWS.
You will be responsible for mentoring one other non-senior Data Engineer. 
Manage data ingestion, manipulation, matching and orchestration, supporting campaign and analytics requirements
Good documentation and writing skills.
Desirable
Be assessed as suitable to hold and maintain a Positive Vetting security clearance.
Maintain annual budget and monthly forecast in Adaptive Insights 
Servian recognises individual differences and welcomes people from a variety of life and work experiences.
The diversity of our people is core to our ability to innovate, grow and to fulfil our collective aspiration of helping people to own their tomorrow.
A natural curiosity, a respect for differences and a growth mindset are valued at Servian.
What you'll be doing:
Other unbelievable benefits and perks like free Club Catch membership, study support, in house learning and development, parental leave programs, plus loads more...
Experience in BI Reporting (Cognos & Tableau)
🔭 About Us
Demonstrated managerial skills with experience in laboratory operations, administration and budgeting
This job advert will close Sunday 19 December 2021 at 9:00pm (AEDT), however shortlisting will commence imminently, this role can commence straight away or may commence January 2022.  
Experience/Qualifications
We like people who can state their case
Amazing development and career progression program
Other duties in line with the APSC APS 4 work level standards as directed. 
Strong stakeholder skills
Experience with streaming data pipelines as well as batch-oriented data processing with use of technologies like Change Data Capture (CDC), Kafka Streams, Google Cloud Functions/AWS Lambda
data analytics and insights, UI/UX design, geospatial analysis, and/or Natural Language Processing (NLP) experience is valuable but not essential.
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities.
From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best.
If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply.
With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
Data is exploding
The Data Scientist works with the Research and Evaluation team along with the Data Team and other colleagues to design, develop and test various models and work using a range of tools and programming languages.
The Data Scientists must be a strong communicator on technical topics for non-technical colleagues and partner with colleagues to assure the successful deployment of in-house solution.
The Data Scientist will explore how analytics can support regulatory decision-making in the public interest to facilitate access to safer health care.
Excellent attention to detail and numeric skills.
Take learnings from others to contextualize data & its complexity, identifying patterns and trends in data sets.
As the Senior Data Engineer | REMOTE | SQL | AWS | Spark| Storm|
ETL | Data Lake | ML | AI – you will be responsible for building and maintaining a data ecosystem.  
Reporting directly to the CTO, you will be working alongside the principle engineers and product teams to deliver modern data solutions to meet the needs of our growing business and enterprise customers. 
You will initially maintain our existing DWH and then plan, design, build a Data Lake.
Showing expertise and innovative decision making around ML and AI to gain predictive insights and competitive advance.
Minimum Masters with a focus on IT/Data Analytics (required)
To be considered for this excellent opportunity, you will have:
Work within an established Data & Analytics team
Supporting the team in maintaining and developing PowerBI reports and similar business intelligence tools, such as managing relationships between distinct datasets.
Joining A&S Labels means you have a unique chance to join an evolving e-commerce fashion forward business where you'll gain unique exposure to a high growth environment and be part of a team of passionate innovative thinkers.
We live and breathe our brands, and all share the same passion, to grow this business beyond our wildest dreams! 
Why Deloitte?  
Highly developed data analytic skills, working with complex data sets and analysis methods
Developing new and ad hoc reporting for Clients and internal stakeholders using SSRS Report Builder;
Exciting career opportunity within the Data Science Division
Exposure to Salesforce, Netsuite and other MarTech platforms an advantage
Successful candidates will be required to undergo a National Police Records Check prior to commencing employment with the Department.
For further information on the position, please refer to the attached position description.
● Based in Australia with full working rights for Australia
You will play a vital role, consulting with clients and working alongside our research, data tech and analytics team.
You will be involved throughout the process from taking client briefs, helping write proposals, collecting and analysing data, designing and building reports through to presenting results and facilitating workshops.
You will work with a diverse range of clients, a mix of methodologies and many analytical tools and techniques so your work will always be varied and interesting.
You will be self-motivated with your own ideas and an innate eagerness to learn. 
The Role:
What you'll get in return  
You will be working with a People Leader who values and supports your personal growth, in a growing, dynamic and authentic organisation that promotes integrity and puts members first.
Other benefits include a competitive salary, genuine flexible working arrangements, discounted travel, income protection insurance and generous leave entitlements.  
We are committed to the recruitment, development and support of a diverse workforce into an environment which is inclusive, embraces diversity in all its forms and is a place where you can be you.
All roles can flex at AustralianSuper and we're happy to discuss what this can look like for you.  
We are proud to be a WGEA certified Employer of Choice for Gender Equality (8 years running) and to be recognised as one of Australia's top 10 workplaces for Dads.  
What's next  
If you would like the opportunity to work in this exciting role, please apply now by following the link below.  
We are committed to the recruitment, development and support of a diverse workforce into an environment which is inclusive, embraces diversity in all its forms and is a place where you can be you.
All roles can flex at AustralianSuper and we're happy to discuss what this can look like for you.  
Be Inspired, Be Bold, Be You  
Agencies please note: this vacancy is being managed directly by AustralianSuper's Recruitment team.
We will contact our preferred agency partners should we require additional support.
Thank you.
Support heavy data warehousing including manipulation, migration & integration.
Transform data into seamless formatting that can be easily analysed for all parties including clients.
Selection criteria
Excellent oral and written communication
Strong SQL skills
 Qualifications 
WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FOR?
Analyse end user behaviour patterns to determine recommendations for improvements
Adopting QBE values in personal work behaviours, decision-making, contributions and interpersonal interactions
A detailed understanding of protein biochemistry, purification and stability.
Integrate the end to end data pipeline to take data, batch and event level, from source systems to target data repositories ensuring the quality and consistency of data is maintained at all times
Cooma is also within 90 minutes?
drive to Canberra to the north and the South Coast to the east.
Ability to undertake investigations utilising JIRA and manage a process using AGILE methodology
Advanced Microsoft Excel skills including macros and back-end support
Your team
With respect, no agencies please.
Supporting pre-sales activity to promote Servian, our capabilities, and value to current and prospective clients
Create data mappings between multiple databases across multiple platforms, data modelling, data profiling, query design, data flow design.
TAFE NSW Systems Group is currently going through an exciting period of change and realignment and has a number of key technology and process initiatives with a focus on innovation, streamlining ICT solutions and stronger alignment to our customers.
Strong understanding of Tableau or other data visualisation tools
Share expertise in to design, implement and improve data models using best practices and fit for business requirements. 
A strong understanding of SQL is absolutely key to this role.
Strong ability to translate data insights into practical business recommendations, including designing and presenting reports
This role is a full-time position; however, flexible working arrangements may be negotiated.
Flexible working and unlimited L&D courses via Go!
You have a consultative approach to working and work well with stakeholders.
Be known as a trusted advisor and a technology partner to stakeholders
If you match the selection criteria and are interested in finding out more about the position, please click the "APPLY NOW" button below and attach your C.V (in Word).
For further enquires please contact Damita on 9221 3300
We are looking for the following skills and motivations:
Gathering, validating and understanding data relevant to the problem statement
Experience working in an Agile based development environment
For further details on this position please contact Rich Wilkes on rwilkes@redcrossblood.org.au Please note: applications sent directly to this email address will not be accepted.
Focus on learning-
there are heaps of opportunities to enable you to grow and be your best.
Want to know more?
To be considered for this role, submit your CV today by clicking the ‘Apply’ button or send your CV directly to perthIT@psgaus.com.au (ideally in a word document).
Can do attitude 
This is an exciting and challenging role in the emerging field of people analytics and provides an excellent opportunity to develop skills in advanced analytics and consulting in a collaborative and supportive team environment.
Compliance and Annual Reviews
Primary purpose of this position is to:
Excellent communication skills: collaborate effectively across internal teams and work with government and businesses
Due to our reputation in the market and our continued success of placing people into roles not just matching CV's to job descriptions, HorizonOne continues to work to understand, then find roles for high performing candidates likes yourself.
Modern, world-class research
Interstate travel will be required for stakeholder and project engagement.
Enquiries
Business Analysis skills in Banking environments
Developing semi-automated procedures for data access request approval, in partnership with AAF, potentially using DUOS or REMS standards
The Corporate Operations Group (COG) brings together specialist support services including workplace, human resources, market operations and technology.
COG's purpose is to drive operational excellence through business-aligned services with a focus on quality, cost and risk.
COG comprises the following divisions: Business Improvement and Strategy, Business Services, Human Resources, Market Operations, and Technology.
We are looking for a candidate who is available to start on Tuesday 4 January 2021.
 Our Queensland Government client is seeking a motivated and experienced DATA ENGINEER to identify and engage with state-wide government and partnership stakeholders.  
The role
You will provide high level business expertise to ensure the sustainability of the business network asset data and supporting systems and act as an escalation point internal and external resources.
In order to work onsite in higher education, TAFE, training and adult education settings, the Victorian Government requires workers to provide evidence to their employers that they are fully vaccinated with two doses of a COVID-19 vaccine or have a medical exemption evidenced by an authorised medical practitioner.  
This position will require the incumbent to work onsite.
Superior communication skills
Joining our fast-paced and dynamic team you will be reporting to the Financial Controller to spearhead commercial focused reporting and analytics for the business by identifying and interpreting trends within complex data sets to deliver actionable insights.
You will support the Sales Analyst in ad hoc analysis and business insights.
What you'll be doing
Division/Faculty: Faculty of Architecture, Building and Planning
Engage with Loan Market Group corporate users to understand their insights needs and create innovative reporting solutions
Should hold working knowledge in AWS  services (Cloud (AWS) – EC2, RDS,S3, SNS, SQS, Glue, Redshift, Lambda, ELB, and Cloud watch )
Implementing fit-for-purpose analytics tools and infrastructure that will be adopted by end users (e.g. claims handlers)
Service orientation.
Displays a commitment to delivering quality client service, values the provision of accurate and timely information and relates to people from across the organisation.
Work with an amazing team of data engineers who are self-driven!
Understanding of traditional and non-traditional database implementation and administration (e.g. NoSQL)
Assisting stakeholders with commercial support as well as adhoc business projects or campaign analysis
Oversee development and testing of and review statistical models
Join our engineering team and play a lead role in helping meet our data privacy and data retention obligations across our global team.
As a Senior Data Engineer, you’ll bring with you significant data analysis, and integration experience and prior hands-on experience building and implementing new capabilities. 
You’ll possess an in-depth knowledge of big data technologies and a desire to work in a DevOps environment where you will have end-to-end accountability for developing, deploying and supporting your data assets as well as creating templates and implementation methods and standards.   
Established in 1979, Dialog employs over 1,200 people throughout Australia, and provides a wide range of information technology solutions to government and corporate clients.
At Dialog, our whole approach is based on four key values: Involved, Committed
, Can Do, Always.
It's these values, applied to every project, which stand behind our success and ensure we are always client focused.
These same four values underpin the relationship we enjoy with our people.
Join our team of professional, enthusiastic and experienced consultants, where communication, learning and knowledge sharing are prized.
We offer an excellent benefits package.
Dialog is an equal opportunity employer.
Take a leadership role in the development, coaching and mentoring of our data scientists and data analysts
Ability to write and understand SQL queries would be beneficial but not essential
Create a focus on limiting work in progress to improve effectiveness and delivering faster to market
● Lives and breathes the principles of Everyday ACTs (Acknowledge.
Care.
Thank)
To be successful in this role you will need to possess:
Cleanaway is an essential service with environmental causes and sustainability in mind.
In order to be efficient and to succeed in its data journey, many data sources need to be harnessed.
The data landscape is vast, incorporating huge amounts of data in all different shapes and sizes: Everything form Telemetry, IoT, trucks GPS and weight-bearing loads, production lines to HR systems, ERP, sales and more; Tens of source systems and complex data challenges.
Mentoring and on-going support throughout your entire FDM journey
The Companyu&u.
Greater Western Sydney has been retained by an instantly recognisable global market leader to recruit a Senior Data Analyst on a permanent basis.
From humble beginnings, the business has grown substantially into one of the world's most respected organisations, employing over 550 staff across Australia and New Zealand.
The company have experienced significant growth during COVID and boast very low staff turnover due to their fun, dynamic and friendly culture.
The culture is focused on training and development of staff and working together to achieve shared outcomes.
They care a lot about employee wellness and humility, so work from home options or flexible hours are highly supported and encouraged, especially during COVID.
This is particularly the case with this role, which will be a subject matter expert for business intelligence and data warehousing.
The role will begin working fully from home and will transition to 2 days per week from home from December 1st.
The RoleThe company is placing increased focus on BI and data as a core focus for their business.
They're keen for more insights and data to drive their commercial decision making.
Key responsibilities of this role to support that key business initiative will include:
If this sounds like you, we are keen to chat!
Liaising with clients to identify and analyse gaps in their processes and recommend appropriate solutions with the aim of improving their internal procedures as and work flows
The skills you'll have
Our client is an unlisted public company that is wholly owned by the ACT Government and;
Resume
Preparing and validating client data for accuracy prior to import/migration.
***
Role may be in Sydney or
Melbourne ***
Click APPLY to submit your application.
Successful applicants will need to complete work rights, police and credit checks through our online provider as a condition of employment. 
Experience in analysis of a wide range of different vaccine types: split virus, conjugates, virus like particles, inactivated whole virus vaccines.
Our minimum requirements for this role is:
Build and maintain positive relationships with project partners and stakeholders to ensure the successful delivery of data and reporting activities in line with the requirements of the Data and Surveillance Strategy.
Do you have currently a visa/Permanent Residency/Citizenship with satisfactory work rights for this position?
Design and build data models to support highly-scalable and cost-efficient data analysis
a work-life balance program providing flexible work practices (subject to operational requirements);
Teamwork – we’re not a team of champions, we’re a champion team.
Skills/Knowledge/Experience/Qualifications:
Extra leave - Enjoy additional leave days on us!
You’ll receive a paid ‘ME’ day and one paid volunteer leave day annually.
Team members can also purchase up to two additional weeks of leave per year.
Scripts from agreed specifications and subsequent iterations to meet service delivery outcomes
Exposure to DevOps, CI/CD processes and best practices
Our client, a large Sydney CBD based consulting firm, is looking for a Data Engineer for January 2022 start.
Experience using Google analytics
Have a data operations mindset focused on ETL pipelines, Monitoring and Warehouse configuration and tuning
Assist in defining, scoping and planning data, information and analytics projects to meet clients’ business requirements
To apply please click apply or call Madeleine Shelest on 02 8289 3106 for a confidential discussion.
The AI & Platform Services (AIPS) team exists within the Seek Group and provides AI-centric core services that scale globally including search, behavioural tracking, recommendations, candidate matching, ontological services and personalisation.
AIPS works primarily with internal partners, providing services to these partners, who in turn deliver products to customers (candidates, hirers).
Inclusivity & Collaboration 
Proficient understanding of GMP and GLP functions of a Laboratory 
Strong interpersonal, communication and presentation skills;
Play a key role in unlocking business value and supporting strategic decision making
We are proud to be a WGEA certified Employer of Choice for Gender Equality (since 2012) and to be recognised as one of Australia's top 10 workplaces for Dads.
Ability to prioritise tasks and work independently to meet business objectives.
Skills / Experience in Dax, T-SQL, SQL, Power BI, Tableau and similar data and visulaisation technologies
Oversee the data test strategy and plans to ensure compliance with product requirements and test quality standards.
Have a passion for science, technology, and medicine
Conduct investigative work to identify appropriate and practical solutions which meet the needs of the business, align to enterprise standards, and ensure that the team can deliver outcomes
Experience building public facing APIs, including API versioning, authentication, rate limiting, Open API specifications and designing APIs for scale
Passion for driving business adoption and value from data
Technically skilled in SQL and proficient with Google Cloud Platform (BigQuery, Google Data Studio, the Looker)
Strong experience in SQL and any programming language (i.e. Python, Java, C#) is a must
Cover letter;
Working knowledge and understanding of short-tail insurance product(s), underwriting and rating methods – including drivers and levers of profitable growth;
Data Engineer
Australian Clinical Labs is an equal opportunities employer, we encourage applications from people of all ages, nationalities, abilities and cultures – including Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, the LGBTQI+ community and people living with disability.
We’re happy to adjust our recruitment process to support accessibility needs.
A passion for new technologies and how these could be leveraged to enable strategic outcomes and solve complex business problems.
What we offer
Experience working with Snowflake Data warehouse
About Us
Experience with SQL coding and optimisation
Customer Engagement - Marketing Campaigns, Campaign Analysis, Customer Insights.
Support the provision of specialist technical advice relating to the surveillance and analytics of COVI-19 to the broader Data, Intelligence, Modelling and Epidemiology (DIME) and relevant internal and external stakeholders.
Work with senior team members to ensure a common understanding on business requirements and scope of the work
Experience in relating & networking in varied environments and stakeholders.
Good interpersonal skills with an ability to build rapport and confidence with stakeholders at all levels
Global Marketplace is the head company of Click Frenzy Pty Ltd (Australia's leading producer of online shopping events), Power Retail Pty Ltd (
Australia's number one resource for digital retail professionals), Click Central (Australia’s newest online shopping destination) and GrabOne (one of the largest daily deals websites in New Zealand and one of the largest eCommerce websites in New Zealand).
The ability to work on multiple streams with multiple clients
Reporting to the Data Analyst Manager, Intelligence Analytics, the Senior Data Analyst will provide services that support compliance and fraud investigations teams.
Our office is in Docklands, Melbourne but many of our staff work remotely from other locations in Australia.
This position is available as work from home, office based or hybrid.
Fun and creative office space in Cannon Hill with onsite cafe
1.
Apply via Seek and attach your resume2.
Follow the prompts in any email communication we send you!Good Luck!
🥳
Our Values, Vision and Mission
Experience in Data warehousing with focus on information management domain
Delivering new innovations and additions to our suite of data science assets
This is a great opportunity for an experienced data migration specialist to work autonomously in a supportive and professional environment.
You will be a key member of the Digital Health team and play an important role transforming existing data from our legacy system to the Precision Digital Fertility Platform which will uplift technology across the organisation.
Apache Spark experience would be amazing.
All appointments are made subject to a satisfactory Criminal History Record Check and a Working with Children Check.
Successful applicants will be required to provide evidence of an immunisation assessment prior to commencement.
About the role:
Team members have access to heavily discounted fares to destinations all over the world – not only for team members, but for their favourite travel companions too.
Our staff travel benefit includes discounts on airfares, accommodation, car hire and travel insurance for both domestic and international travel.
Discounts can be used within the Jetstar Group airlines, Qantas and other partner airlines.
Good communication skills - both written and verbal
Ability to prepare and present persuasive and compelling insights to shape business decisions
Ensuring the high performance, efficiency, and organisation of data stores and pipelines;
Mentoring and time to learn new skills
You’ll get an email acknowledgement after you’ve applied, Thales strives to provide a personalised experience for all suitable applicants. 
Providing data or information to assist with internal or external requests.
What we're proud to offer you:
Any programming experience
Work on real world problems that add direct value to our customers and colleagues
Assist in the development and automation of client and matter reporting.
Authorise reports according to laboratory practice
Woden Location 
Digital expertise with hands-on experience focussed on advanced data management / data processing / data analytics in a scientific environment
Working knowledge of statistical software such as SAS and any other relevant database software language(s)
such as SQL;
A “can do”, team focused attitude with the ability to work autonomously while maintaining focus;
 A minimum of 5+ years’ experience in a Data Engineering role
The purpose of the Range Optimisation team is to partner with our Commercial Team to deliver category strategies and achieve the best-ranging outcomes for our customers.
Strong expertise with SQL; ability to understand and query relational databases
Analyse and report insights on OE’s business performance, its lead and lag indicators
Ongoing training and support provided
Join Us!
Minimum 4+ years past or current experience in data analytics in complex data environment.
Profit + Purpose
Relevant tertiary qualifications in management information systems, business information systems, computer / data science or related field and/or equivalent industry experience.  
Extensive experience in leading and managing technical teams, providing tactical and strategic level guidance to deliver outcomes and a proven ability to develop relationships and work productively with colleagues both inside and outside the agency;
Exceptional communication and influencing skills, including the ability to communicate complex topics simply
Analyse and tune AI and machine learning (ML) solutions while setting and maintaining high ethical standards
Be empowered to take responsibility for your own deliverables.
Contribute to the development of project plans to facilitate the success of business initiatives.
Apart from your technical expertise in and related CRM systems, you have impeccable communication skills, are analytical, organised and a natural problem solver.
12 months initially 
Hollard's open and inclusive culture embraces, leverages and respects the diversity of our employees, customers and communities in which we live, work and contribute.
Hollard is a flexible work environment experiencing continued growth. 
Talk to us about how this role could be flexible for you.
Design within High Availability architectures
Purchase Annual Leave – purchase an additional 2 weeks of annual leave per financial year.
What you’ll do as a Data Engineer:
All employees who may attend a worksite or any face-to-face work-related activity will be required to be fully vaccinated for COVID-19 as a condition of employment.
Provide expert advice to support the development of strategy and policy on data reform initiatives.
Great opportunity for a talented problem solver, out of the box thinker and Senior Data Guru   
The secret to our success is great people.
From analytical gurus to marketing maestros and sales specialists.
Our talented teams are working together to make Menulog the biggest food delivery service in Australia and New Zealand.
This is where you come in!  
If you are interested and possess the right experience, please apply now via the link below.
Good understanding of Google tools 
Proficiency in some of the following techniques: Random Forests, Monte Carlo simulations, Ensemble methods, Neural Networks, Clustering, PCA, Factor analysis, etc.
Demonstrated customer centricity / focus
Take ownership from start-to-finish, develops with limited supervision, is a proactive self-starter
Extensive experience using reporting and data visualisation solutions, particularly Power BI.
What makes Cognizant a unique place to work?
The combination of rapid growth and an international and innovative environment!
This is creating many opportunities for people like YOU — people with an entrepreneurial spirit who want to make a difference in this world.
Translating business requirements into clear, concise, testable and accurate user stories & process flows;
Austin Health is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to attracting and retaining a diverse workforce that reflects the community we serve.  
Applications from Aboriginal and Torres
Strait Islanders are encouraged.
The role of a Technical Analyst is extremely varied and provides the perfect opportunity for anyone who is keen to embrace the technical side of consultancy.
You will be responsible for anything from investigating and developing solutions for applications, all the way through to setting up and maintaining virtual machines for automated processes and leads to a variety of analyst roles including: Technical Support, Operations, Business Analysis, Technical Testing and Technical Analysis.
Experience with financial time-series forecasting, time-series analysis, pricing, simulation models desirable but not essential.
We are proud of our values-based culture and invest in people because we believe it underpins our success!
Engage with customers as you provide for them a premium level of service/assistance 
You must have unrestricted working rights in Australia to be considered for this position
Altis Consulting was established in 1998 and has become the leading Data and Analytics consultancy in Australia and New Zealand.
We're proud to have been recognised 10 years in a row as a Great Place to Work and of our strong company culture focused around people and enabling them to achieve their best.
Build, own and continuously improve data logic, structure and visualisations to drive the shaping and delivery of projects across multiple platforms.
Velocity Truck Centres (formerly known as Adtrans National Trucks) has served the transport industry for many years.
With more than 700 employees spread across five states, providing a true national support structure for our valued customers.
Our company runs on the 3 pillars of Speed, Value and Trust.
Programming experience in Python and high degree of familiarity with different frameworks and libraries (e.g., Pandas, Numpy, plotly, Matplotlib, SciPy, Scrapy, genism, dash, bokeh, etc.)
 $800
p/d
+ super
This is an exciting time to join the AICD as we progress our digital transformation that is driving significant change across all aspects of the organisation including the adoption of an Agile mindset and cutting-edge technologies.
You will play a key role in advancing AICD’s data and analytics capability and be a part of a new and growing team of data experts.
Must have knowledge in popular techniques and algorithms for predictive and descriptive modelling techniques, data mining and machine learning.
We are looking for an experienced and passionate Data Science/ML/AI professional, who loves to question the status quo and evaluate problems from various perspective.
You are highly driven and independent with highly developed business acumen.
You will be rewarded with a competitive salary of up to $140,000 based on experience.
Woolworths Group has announced its intention to introduce a new requirement for Australian team members to be vaccinated against COVID-19.For more information click here [link removed].   
Terms of appointment
This position is available for one year in the first instance, with prospects for further contract periods.
Salary is HEW 5 - HEW 6 ($72,036 - $90,445) and is dependent on qualifications and experience.
Up to 17% superannuation and very attractive salary packaging options are available.  
Specific questions about this opportunity may be directed to
Dr. Stephin Vervoort vervoort.s@wehi.edu.au  
A position description is available here.  
How to apply Please apply by uploading your CV, cover letter and a document addressing the key selection criteria in pdf format.  
Application closing date: 31 January 2022
Skillset required:
Free access to gyms, recreation, and aquatics centres across the state  
Option to be engaged on a Pty Ltd basis (conditions apply)
You must have strong skills and proven experience across Azure/AWS, MS SQL, Python, SCALA, Kubernetes, Kafka, IaC, DevOps CI/CD pipelines
This is a great opportunity to grow your career and make a real difference in the health care industry.
Join an inclusive and diverse workforce
Strong knowledge in database management (MS SQL) with the ability to write SQL: stored procedures, views, triggers, user-defined functions
Take on and Lead the cloud based data processing platforms while collaborating with stakeholders, Senior Engineers and Microsoft.
An understanding of farm and drought resilience is desirable
To be considered, applicants must be an Australian Citizen.
Experience/proficiency in managing database projects, preferably in REDCap.
Catered lunches
No Agency assistance required at this time.  
Olympus Australia and New Zealand is an Equal Opportunity Employer
You will work closely with mature and high performing cross-functional Scrum teams within the RBA and with APRA.
The work environment is collaborative, friendly and supportive.
Good communication and interpersonal skills and the ability to operate in an ambiguous environment
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Honours graduates through to senior RAs will be considered
A career with us
Enterprise Detection and Response (EDR)
A keen eye for detail and the ability to self-validate output
Other tasks as directed
SydneyFixed Term
Full Time
Experience
Closing date for applications  11.59pm, 8 December 2021  Sponsorship / work rights for Australia  Please note: Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
For a continuing position, you must be an Australian or New Zealand citizen or an Australian Permanent Resident.  
Australian Temporary Residents currently employed at the University of Sydney may be considered for a fixed term contract for the length of their visa, depending on the requirements of the hiring area and the position.  
Pre-employment checks  
Your employment is conditional upon the completion of all role
required pre-employment or background checks in terms satisfactory to the University.
Similarly, your ongoing employment is conditional upon the satisfactory maintenance of all relevant clearances and background check requirements.
If you do not meet these conditions, the University may take any necessary step, including the termination of your employment.  
EEO statement  
The University of Sydney is committed to diversity and social inclusion.
Applications from people of culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds; equity target groups including women, people with disabilities, people who identify as LGBTIQ; and people of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander descent, are encouraged.  
How to apply  Applications (including a cover letter, CV, and any additional supporting documentation or examples of work)
can be submitted via the Apply button at the top of the page.  
For employees of the University or contingent workers, please login into your Workday account and navigate to the Career icon on your Dashboard.
Click on USYD Find Jobs and apply.  
For a confidential discussion about the role, or if you require reasonable adjustment or support filling out this application, please contact Laura Koefoed, Recruitment Operations, on 02 9036 4495 or by email .  
©
The University of Sydney  
The University reserves the right not to proceed with any appointment.  
To keep our community safe, please be aware of our COVID safety precautions which form our conditions of entry for all staff, students and visitors coming to campus.  
Click to view the Position Description for this role.
Excellent stakeholder engagement capabilities
Hinchen Resources are a team of experienced industry recruiters who offer a highly informative honest process, where our genuine goal is to provide a quality and valued service.  
On that is respectful to all and is as transparent as possible.  
Confidentiality is assured with all applications, with your privacy our utmost priority.
Responsible for the collecting, organising and accuracy of reporting data;
Ability to work as a self-starter on individual projects as well as being part of the team to contribute to team success
Liebherr One Hub – Employee discount portal for great savings
Applicants must be Australian Citizens to meet defence security requirements.
With us you’ll:
Excellent interpersonal skills and demonstrated experience in liaising with staff at all levels of an organisation, negotiating effective outcomes, consultation and facilitation of group discussions.
The ability to accurately enter sample details and test results into a laboratory data base
At Randstad, we are passionate about providing equal employment opportunities and embracing diversity to the benefit of all.
We actively encourage applications from any background.
Self- starter
Expert level hands on knowledge in writing complex SQL queries, creating views, PL/SQL procedures, functions, packages, triggers, dynamic SQL.
Desirable:
The Cloud Data Engineer-EDP, you will manage and design solutions on Azure Cloud services, working across data ingestions, data pipelines and/or infrastructure automation/orchestration.
investigate financial waste and mismanagement

Design and develop visualisations which enable interactive, clear insights that are scalable with new filters, metrics and segment splits and use a range of appropriate charts and techniques.   

Creation of reporting dashboards to represent complex data in a clear and concise manner for management reporting
Work with program staff to review data collection and data entry practices and procedures and identify opportunities for improvement
You will expand and optimise our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimise data flow and collection for cross functional teams. 
Machine learning
A Day in the Life
As a BI Analyst you will be working across multiple business stakeholders, tech / IT teams and internal professional services staff to develop assets with Power BI and other relevant technologies. 
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in technology or software engineering
Next steps When it comes to recruitment we like to move fast, this means we progress suitable candidates through the hiring process as soon as we can.
You’ll hear from us with an outcome after your application has been reviewed and assessed. 
Be a self-starter and have an "ownership" mentality
An opportunity to showcase and build your career.
Consulting with key stakeholders and requirement gathering  
WEHI is a place where people are able to shine.
People who are inquisitive, who are committed, who are passionate.
People who want to make a difference.
And we are committed to ensuring they have the tools to flourish, personally and professionally.
We are a community of researchers, students and professional service staff who work towards achieving discoveries that improve human health.
We are driven by collaboration, curiosity and creativity.
We are committed to making a positive difference to the lives of people in Australia and around the world.
We are WEHI.
We are brighter together.
Contract extension based on performance.
As we evolve, we're looking for people with diverse perspectives, backgrounds and talents to build their careers with us.
Grow and develop your Supply Chain career with a company that prides ourselves on personal and professional development
Extensive experience in data profiling, source-target mappings, ETL development, SQL optimisation, testing, implementation and Data Warehouse concepts
Data science, actuarial science, mathematics or computer science qualification (or relevant experience leading STEM capabilities).
Tertiary qualifications in the areas Business Intelligence, Data Science, IT
Exceptional analytical and problem solving skills
Get involved in one of the biggest Entertainment companies in Australia.
At the forefront of always
Demonstrable hands-on SQL development experience.
What we do... 
Filter and "clean" data, proactively "get your hands dirty" by deep diving into issues.
Excellent written & verbal communication skills
Fitness First Platinum membership, Centr and Emily Skye memberships, and fortnightly
(optional) team personal training sessions
You have the unique ability to look at a business problem holistically and base your solution on the best outcome, not just the tools you have available.
Volunteer leave
Experience working on stream transform using Spark Streaming or Flink;
Developing applications to capture and display data to national teams and clients, coding experience beneficial; and
ACH Group celebrates and encourages workforce diversity and does not discriminate on the basis of gender, age, race, sexual orientation, gender identity, religious beliefs, disability or any other basis.
ETL/BI development and tooling e.g., Microsoft SSIS or AWS Glue
Equity Trustees is 130 years strong - and growing.
Apply now to be part of a successful contemporary trustee company!
Build, test, (and upgrade if necessary)
a suite of queries incorporating complex business logics and analytics using SQL, Python and VBA to integrate data from multiple sources to create bespoke reports.
3+ years’ experience working with data assets with the purpose of delivering insight.
It’s an exciting time to be joining Western Power.
The way we use power is changing.
The grid is evolving.
And it’s our people who are helping connect everyone to a brighter energy future.
Designing, creating and maintaining integrations needed into/out of genU data warehousing solution using standard approaches
Support evidence-based decision making - including appropriate and simple metrics that provide solid data for informed decision making, such as business strategy alignment, cost/benefit, and cost/quality/risk
🧰 Tools we use
Peter Mac is one of a handful of integrated cancer research, education and treatment centres in the world.
Each day our team strives to provide the very best in cancer care, even better treatments and potential cancer cures for all people affected by cancer.
Our recruitment and selection process include a variety of assessment methods that may encompass psychometric assessments, reference checks and verification of working rights in Australia.
Preferred candidates will be required to return a satisfactory National Police Clearance prior to an offer of employment being extended.
Required Knowledge, Skills & Experience
Involve in understanding the client’s requirement and preparing design and mapping documents using data modeling and estimation plan for development.
Ability to maintain a high level of attention to detail.
Tertiary qualifications in Data Engineering, Big Data Analytics, Computer Engineering or a related field.
Sound analytical and problem-solving skills
Role / Skill Details
Support the enforcement of the data quality and data governance related policies and standards
Ability to build and maintain Stakeholder relationships. 
NEC has a century-long history of innovation and for over 50 years in Australia, NEC has built a sophisticated technology and anything-as-a-service company which brings together the best technology and the smartest people driving customer service excellence.
With a major focus on Public Safety, we deliver a complete portfolio of ICT solutions and services to large enterprise, small business and government customers.
We are shaping the most efficient businesses and creating a safer society by solving tomorrow’s technology challenges.
Using SQL to extract, review and analyse systems and databases to provide accurate advice, insights and information for staff, customers, management and external agencies.
Experience in eliciting and documenting user requirements
What's in a typical day: 
The department is committed to providing and maintaining a working environment which is safe and without risk to the health of its workers and clients.  
As it is an essential element of any role within the department that employees be able to attend work onsite and to do so safely, employees are required to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition of their employment.  
This requirement applies unless they have a medical condition which means they cannot be vaccinated against COVID
-19.  
Therefore, the department will ask any prospective employee, who has been identified as the preferred candidate for a role within the department, to provide proof of their COVID-19 vaccination status prior to any offer of employment being made.  
If a prospective employee has a relevant medical condition which means they cannot be vaccinated against COVID-19, they should contact the department to discuss their individual circumstances.
This position is responsible to monitor, model and report on asset performance
/risk by carrying out Dx lines asset failure validation to report validated monthly failures using Ellipse.
This position will support asset performance quarterly report and network safety performance outcomes by timely completion of failure validation and Electric shock and public safety incidents.
Also assist in BAU support for technical queries from various stakeholders across the business, claims, Ombudsman etc.
You will assist with bringing the data together from a number of various systems that will then need to be analysed.
This data will be interrogated and the successful candidate will be building models and answering ad hoc questions from the business.
Degree qualified in related fields: marketing, commerce, economics, mathematics
Do you have passion for process and systems improvement and want to expand your knowledge in a company that thrives on ongoing learning and development? 
*Please note we will be reviewing and contacting applicants prior to closing date
so please ensure you submit your application as soon as possible.
This is a rapidly expanding team that has the support and exposure to the Directors of Engineering and Product to grow its scale and contribution to Seek, and requires a capable, passionate engineering leader to guide and facilitate this teams success and growth.
This role will be part of the Engineering Leadership team in the 'Hirer' side of Seek's marketplace, and will be working peer EM's, Head of Engineering and the Engineering Director roles to drive people, delivery and technology improvements.
This role will people lead a growing team of engineers (growing from 3-6 currently) and 1 BA/IM that forms the larger part of this product engineering team.
Supporting the QA / testing processes, building automated test cases.
Salary negotiable in line with experience plus 10% super (salary packaging available)
Significant experience within the MS Azure cloud environment.
Certification to AZ900 as a minimum but preferably DP-200 & DP201
We are committed to the recruitment, development and support of a diverse workforce into an environment which is inclusive, embraces diversity in all its forms and is a place where you can be you.
All roles can flex at AustralianSuper and we're happy to discuss what this can look like for you.
My client is one of the largest global financial institutions with offices across the globe.
Offering their client several services.
They also offer great diversity and flexibility. 
Assist C-suite and business leaders with a broad range of technology, strategy, and policy issues associated with AI
Identify ways to improve data reliability, efficiency and quality
Any additional duties as assigned.
Willingness to collaborate and share knowledge
Join an innovative global company with industry leading work flexibility 
home office set up an allowance
We see ourselves leading Australia in outstanding customer experience.
In striving to achieve this, five core values guide us.
These are: customer service, our challenger spirit, teamwork, integrity and personal excellence.
Maintaining databases, spreadsheets and other tools used in data analysis, specifically PowerBI and Microsoft Excel
Ability to whiteboard, share and evolve your ideas with peers and stakeholders through iterative approaches to solution design and ideation
Experience building and automating management level reporting
Applications close Wednesday 8 December 2021.  
Driving continuous improvement of data quality, presentation, and insight generation within the Product Division, including embedding relevant metrics in regular reporting;
Strong business acumen
To help keep our community safe, candidates are required to comply with vaccine requirements outlined in state based public health orders.
Have some experience in the use of BI reporting and visualisation tools such as Looker, Power BI, Apache Superset or Tableau
Need more information?
  
1) Click here for the Position Description
  2) Find out more about applying for this position

For role related queries or questions contact Anthony Flaskas on Anthony.Flaskas@health.nsw.gov.au
Azure eco-system and software stack – PowerBI, ADF, Databricks(Apache Spark), Synapse, SQL Server, DevOps
If you feel this role is right for you, please submit your application including a brief cover letter, your resume and your responses against the selection criteria* (found in the Position Description) for the role.
Consultative approach with stakeholders
Apply analytical and critical thinking skills to understand the ‘big picture’ and where value for the business lies
Preparation of monthly service level reporting both internally and externally.
Produce compelling reports, visualisations and recommendations and present data and insights in the format that meets the needs of the target audience.
Essential:
Support and develop end-to-end data analytics and BI solutions, including Azure Synapse, Azure Data Factory, Data Warehousing, Databricks, Data Modelling, and Reporting using Microsoft technologies in Cloud environments (Azure).
Flexibility to work remotely
·        Staff busses to Epping and Wynyard in Sydney, and back again
Our laboratory is instrumental in the design and activation of clinical trials incorporating biobanking and biomarker analyses and currently supports the activities of more than 20 prospective clinical trials
Diversity and Inclusion
Ability to work effectively in dynamic and diverse teams to gather and define business and technology requirements
Joint C4 / Land C4, Space, Cyber, Tactical Data Links, Cryptography,
This opportunity is loaded with perks and might be the next best thing to propel your career in the direction you want to take it!
Contributing to Showcases;
Perform sample testing, data analysis and reporting for research projects, preclinical studies and clinical trials
High level of personal motivation and the ability to exercise initiative and work both independently and as part of a team.
Work closely with business partners and team members to understand requirements and translate them to data structures and delivery solutions
Work with a variety of data sources – extracting knowledge and actionable information from multiple and complex datasets 
Outcome focused with strong organisational and prioritisation skills
Work for an inspirational leadership team who truly value their employees and their contributions
Experience in the energy industry would be beneficial.
Java / Python programming skills.
Customer service
Liaise closely with all stakeholders to ensure program deliverables are met and risks are identified and controlled. 
Leverage data from a variety of sources to develop a deep understanding of key business value drivers to identify areas for improvement, risks and opportunities
The ability to create innovative solutions to problems
A&S labels is growing at pace and on a global scale.
Right now we have an opportunity for a savvy Analytics Specialist to join our e-commerce team!
This newly created role will give you the ability to provide world class insights and suggest pathways to best practice across our multiple brands. 
Report valuation trends to management via reports and presentations
Teamwork - Value
the diverse backgrounds and expertise we all bring
We are looking for highly engaged and switched-on individuals that enjoy working in a collaborative and fast paced environment:
Working closely with the product owners and the wider business to develop effective measures to address emerging trends;
Assemble large and complex disconnected data sets, build and maintain data lake and knowledge graph
Technical Thought Leadership
Training and Certification are available on related technologies. 
OnDeck Resources has over 20 Distribution Centre sites Australia wide, prides itself on its customer centric focus that is nimble, agile and personalised to our clients’ distribution, transport and delivery
needs.  
We are undergoing a period of transformation and growth, on our journey to become the market leader of innovative (Business to Consumer) delivery solutions through our unique distribution model, technology and connected networks. 
Most importantly, we want to empower you to make informed decisions and enable you to see your impact on the business.
About the roleYou will be responsible for more than just data extracts and dashboards.
You'll be uncovering insights and telling a story to our management team audiences that are data and non-data related.
You will be combining problem solving and data interpretation ability, analysis and insights, technical proficiency, business acumen, and the ability to collaborate and influence based on data meaning.
You do not need any experience within Supply Chain or Operations - you will be mentored and trained by subject matter experts.
Menulog is an app-based food delivery service offering Australians the greatest choice of restaurants and cuisines across the country.
Menulog connects more than 4 million active customers with more than 30,000 local restaurants, servicing almost 92 percent of the addressable population. 
Involvement in identifying trends and innovation in machine learning and related technologies
You will be expected to work across multiple work streams including project and BAU.
Partner with business stakeholders to identify analytical opportunities that deliver actionable data solutions to business needs;
Data wrangling experience in a large organisation with multiple systems and data sources
Onsite facilities -
There’s excellent end-of-trip facilities on offer and private spaces for nursing mothers.
Work effectively and collaboratively with key stakeholders and subject matter experts, understanding user needs, where there may be gaps and leading change across the company to adopt data science practices
We value team members who are:
Supporting pre-sales activity to promote Hypetap’s capabilities, and value to current and prospective clients.
For the wider market, who don’t have their own mobile apps, LANDMARKS ID has developed a Mobile Insights Panel which we use to develop and licence de-identified, aggregated customer, location and competitor insights to these clients
If you encounter technical issues please contact I Work for NSW Support Team on 1800 562 679
(Mon-Fri) or support@jobs.nsw.gov.au
Build and optimize core data infrastructure (SnowFlake)
Strong programming skills with at least one language: Python, R, Scala, Java, or other
To find out more about us please visit https://www.westernpower.com.au/about/
ASIO is committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment, where all staff are valued and respected.
We welcome and value applications from all eligible candidates irrespective of gender, sexual orientation, ethnicity, religious affiliation, age or disability.
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.
1-2 years+ exposure to Machine Learning/Advanced Analytics
Demonstrated experience in ETL bug fixes, debugging capability of Data flows, strong SQL skills and capability of running manual data collections into existing Azure Platforms.
You will also be responsible for technical transfer of processes to pilot scale and manufacturing facilities; maintenance and operation of facilities, systems and equipment used by the group to ensure GSP compliance and documentation of development activities to comply with relevant quality and regulatory standards.
Location: Sydney, NSW.
Integrity.
behaves in an honest and trustworthy manner, treats others fairly and is open about own misjudgements and any conflicts of interest which may be present
Knowledge of Failure Mode and Effects Analysis (FMEA) is desirable
We work flexibly and recognise the importance of your wellbeing - we are committed to finding the right balance in line with our hybrid working model.
At Cognizant, together with your colleagues from all around the world, you will collaborate on creating solutions for the world's leading companies and help them become more flexible, more innovative and successful.
Moreover, this is your chance to be part of the success story.
Generation & documentation of accurate, reliable data to support purification process development
Collaborating with internal team and stake holders to enhance finance functions - accrual and budgeting algorithms.
Participate in, and facilitate, agile ceremonies and rituals, backlog refinement, forward modelling, daily stand-up, iteration and release planning, showcases, sprint retrospective. 
Developing, implementing and maintaining analytical models to identify fraud, drive recoveries and renewals, drive profitable growth, and improve underwriting, pricing and claims performance
Experience required:
Monthly Employee rewards
Knowledge or experience using TeamCity or other Continuous Integration tools.
Culture & Benefits
1% additional super based on current industry standard rate  
Develop BI related products including reports and dashboards
As a leading Australian biomedical research institute, we convert scientific knowledge into new diagnostics, treatments, and cures.
Strong expertise and experience implementing relational database technologies & data development tools (e.g. as MS SQL (MS SSRS, SSIS, and SSAS), Oracle, PostgreSQL, and MySQL)
Provide standard and non-standard reports to meet business requirements
Four client engagements, each 6 months long
Reporting to the Team Leader - Customer Performance Reporting, you will have the following key responsibilities:
Specimen reception
What we look for - Tech:
Good knowledge of visualisation tools such as PowerBI, Tableau, etc.
Work independently and collaboratively in an agile team
Additionally, you will bring the following skills and experience:
Along the way, you’ll have plenty of fun, meet amazing people and have experiences like no other.
As a Data Analyst, you will be responsible for providing safety, health and security performance data and insights across the Qantas Group.
What we look for - Your attributes:
Locally based projects for locally based consultants
Demonstrated experience in data analysis using SAS or equivalent analytical tools, including querying diverse data sources, and preparing data for analysis
As a purpose-led, performance-driven organisation, Blackmores Group strives to create remarkable employee experiences through supporting a diverse and inclusive culture, creating leadership that inspires high performance, and providing everyone with opportunities to achieve their professional, personal and wellbeing goals supported by our flexible work practices and family friendly policies.
Your genuine commitment to the Blackmores values of Passion for Natural Health, Integrity, Respect, Leadership and Social Responsibility is essential.
About HBFAs one of WA’s longest established private health providers, (we’ve been around for 80 years!)
, we continue to innovate and challenge the status quo; adopting a strategy that focuses on business growth and sustainability, diversification, national expansion and significant enhancements to how we service our members through technology and relevant related businesses.
What we're looking for:
Provide leadership in project delivery (technical and otherwise)
Extensive experience using SQL and MS Excel for data analysis and profiling.
A passion for construction, heavy plant and equipment, business systems and technology
Invitations to our sample sales
You will develop reports / dashboards in BI tools such as tableau to:
Your experience implementing data warehouses and data marts will be fundamental to provide guidance and advice to the rest of the team, as well as your knowledge on the insurance or financial services industries.
Experience in advanced analytic and statistical techniques related multivariate and A/B testing, digital revenue attribution, customer segmentation, and marketing effectiveness
Monitoring of data integrations and data feeds into key business applications
Continue developing your skills to increasingly contribute to product development
Share information and knowledge between internal and external networks and partnerships to boost performance and productivity.
Optimize, tune and debug Redshift environment and enabling queries to perform faster.
If this sounds like you, we'd love to hear from you!
Contact us today to start a career
we know you'll love. 
Well-developed technical documentation skills
To apply for this position, please send a covering letter, current CV and salary expectations to jobs@astron.com.au. .
For further information contact Emma Cook on (08) 9421 9600.
Please note that:• Applicants must have the right to work permanently in Australia• Due to the volume of candidates applying for Astron vacancies, only shortlisted applicants will be contacted•
The following naming guide must be used for all applications: FIRSTNAME.LASTNAME.DOCUMENTTYPE.
For example: Jessica.
Smith.
Resume• Astron handles recruitment processes internally and this vacancy is not open to Recruitment Agencies
An inclusive team culture that promotes collaboration and innovation
Our unique and positive culture ensures employees are surrounded by incredible and inspiring people, and provided with amazing opportunities, experiences and challenges.
Our staff are encouraged to be the best they can be in everything they choose to do.
If this sounds like the company culture and career opportunity 
you’re seeking, then please click to apply.
 Job Title:
Snr Business AnalystContract Dates:
ASAP - 30/06/22Client encourages all applicants to be vaccinated
Perform assays that produce accurate, high quality and timely results and reports
Experience within the resources/energy sector is highly advantageous 
Analytical skills; creative and critical
Units we are looking for expertise within include:
Generous entitlements including salary packaging benefits
Experience with big data tools, such as Hadoop, Spark or Kafka (not mandatory but candidates with this experience will be viewed favourably)
Experience in delivery of reporting or analytics with ability to analyse, generate and communicate insights drawn from multiple data sources.
·        Onsite facilities at Macquarie Park such as a Gym, GP, Mini-Mart, Cafes
Compiling customers’ references and feedback
Applications close 31 December 2021.
As an Analyst in Advanced Analytics, you will be a part of the central analytics and data science team designed to solve the bank's most critical and strategic business problems.
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline
A day in the life...
Maintain existing on and off-prem (Azure) databases to support business continuity
Who we are?
For further information, please contact Jeremy Montague – Senior Manager Business Reporting & Project Delivery on 07 3163 3808
Design and develop databases, tables, indexes, stored procedures, views, packages, functions, database triggers, complex SQL statements using joins and sub queries.
Please note that to be considered for this role you must have the right to work in Australia and be able to provide evidence of this.
You will be required to complete a National Criminal History Check, NSW Working With Children Check and Medical Assessment for this role.
Reflections supports the COVID-19 vaccination initiative and requires all employees to be vaccinated as a condition of employment.
Work with management to identify and develop best practices according to industry standards
Desired
Perks & Benefits 
Demonstrated knowledge and experience using data visualisation tools (e.g. Qlik Sense, SAS VA, QlikView, Tableau, Power BI) to deliver complex visualisations, dashboards and reports.
Downer has long-term contracts to maintain nearly 200 trains currently that automatically generate diagnostic data in binary form, which gets loaded 24x7.
We unpack and use that data: for a range of deep-dive reporting (investigations), monitoring operational performance and increasingly for predictive modelling.
Knowledge of source control tools (e.g. github, Subversion).
Understanding of the importance of deadlines & priorities and ability to meet them accordingly, across a diverse range of portfolio and corporate reporting requirements.
The Pacific (PAC) Data and Reporting team is responsible for operational data management and reporting.
The team provides Operational Analytics for most departments, including Finance, Sales, Marketing and Product/Content teams.
We work directly with operational teams in a fast-paced, dynamic environment, balancing tactical and strategic objectives. 
Flexible working practises to support a healthy lifestyle 
A collaborative, proactive team player with good culture awareness
Assessing and reporting on the quality of people data, and driving enterprise wide data governance initiatives
Maintain and develop open communication with Document Custody Operations team and leadership.
Develop and implement analysis and reporting to resolve business problems (e.g. customer behaviour prediction, market analytics, interaction forecast, resource and operation optimisation, etc.)
Experience using R Java and Python
Collaborate to enable continuous integration environment that sustains high productivity levels and emphasises quality.
Opportunity to help transform the way we do things
We’re Judo Bank.
A purpose-built challenger bank, built on old-fashioned values like integrity, trusted relationships and an enterprising spirit.
Born out of a desire to reinvent the craft of relationship banking for the Small to Medium Enterprise (SME) market, and to challenge the status quo in a market dominated by the four major banks.
Experience provisioning, modifying, deprovisioning, supporting and managing complex
Microsoft PaaS SQL Server databases as well as high availability environments that include SQL clusters, Always On and Availability Groups.
Hands On with advanced SQL on Data Warehouse , Big Data and Native cloud technologies
Senior Data Analyst
Demonstrated experience in a similar role and environment (experience with consolidation reporting systems is desired).
At Essity, we believe everyone's learning and professional development is unique and want to empower employees to reach their full potential in a winning culture motivated by a powerful purpose.
Develop models based off data consumers' needs
Demonstrated experience in experimental design and research methodologies for advanced analytics.
Experience in Pathology and/or a laboratory environment
Assemble large, complex data sets to meet functional / non-functional requirements 
Consistently demonstrates success in the capability area.
Primary Responsibilities
Flexible working conditions 
Experience in data analysis using Power BI
Applications close Sunday 12 December 2021.
An effective, productive, working style both autonomously and as part of a team.
SQL Server database development experience, with at least 3 years performance tuning and database architecture experience
Demonstrated problem solving and analytical skills combined with the ability to investigate and resolve general issues within the laboratory environment
Analysis/Preparation of financial investment information for client reporting purposes such as unit pricing
Strong and confident verbal and written English communication skills.
Develop and build solutions for data integration, management, storage and security
LinkedIn - Olympus Australia New Zealand
Outstanding opportunity to be part of best in class data solutions team.
5+ years experience programming with Python (pandas, scikit-learn)
We welcome candidates who meet the above points under “Required knowledge, skills & experience” to apply.
Please note this position will require a Police Check.
Applicants must be legally entitled to work in Australia.
Wrap data science outcomes as micro services and put them in production
Ascender is a leader in providing payroll and HR software solutions in the Asia Pacific region.
For over 30 years, we have focused on the prosperity of our clients: growing their businesses, enriching their lives, and shaping their future.  
We help our clients put their people first to unlock the full potential of their workforce.
If you have a positive attitude and the right credentials, please apply now to join the Cox Automotive team and make your mark!
Serverless pipeline tool exposure is an advantage
Proven track record of conceptual/strategic thinking ability and strong customer/consumer awareness.
With excellent analytical skills
If you think this sounds like your next ideal opportunity, we'd love to hear form you!
Maintenance and improvement of the data environment and performance reporting
Ranked in the LinkedIn Top Start up list for 2020 (#3) AND 2021 (#17)!
Experience developing ETL/ELT processes for data movement and transformation
Experience or Exposure to Azure Data Toolsets.
Health and Wellbeing initiatives (Corporate Games,
Run 4 Kids, Free Bowel Cancer Screening tests, RUOK Day, and EAP)
Norton Rose Fulbright is a global law firm with a large global  diverse workforce of more than 7,000 people across more than 50 cities  worldwide.
We provide the world's pre-eminent corporations and  financial institutions with a full business law service.
Quarterly and yearly team celebrations.
Positive attitude and a passion for technology
Develop and design cloud automation and orchestration using Azure Cloud and Azure Devops.
Do you want to work in a company that thrives on this process improvement skillset, open to making a change and welcomes your positive impact in the business? 
Strong Database systems experience
A little about us
A tertiary qualification in statistics, mathematics, data analysis, data science, or a degree with a strong focus on research methods and data analysis, or equivalent demonstrated experience.
Deep expertise/certified in Azure and/or AWS and experience working with DevOps tools such as – Azure DevOps, CloudFormation, ARM, GitHub, Ansible, Docker, Grafana, etc.
We have a newly created position for a Graduate Data Engineer to join our team on a 12-month fixed-term contract.
This is an exciting role for those wanting to grow and excel their career in the facilities maintenance industry and enjoy the challenges of project coordination and control. 
Design conceptual/logical/physical entity relationship and/or relational models for the Platform’s in memory data store allowing implementation of flexible reporting capability.
To be considered for this role you will have:
● a great problem solver. 
The focus of this role is to provide support to the AIA Financial Services business through the creation and provision of high-quality insights and reports as well as, development of reporting tools and analytics.
Be a positive, energetic and collaborative team member who is willing to own and drive our data analytics product offering.
The Geospatial Data Science Officer is a specialist within the AURIN Data Science Support team that provides geospatial data, analytics and modelling skills and expertise to support the development, delivery and use of high value assets for researchers.
Skills 
Who we are
Assess and maintain the data quality metrics of existing data and new data sources, and being able to leverage the data collection process.
Managing analytical projects and coordinating activities with other shared services partners by prioritising relevant activities and providing subject matter expertise 
A job that's challenging and exciting
Enjoy solid career progression in the continuously growing e-commerce industry while working alongside top-notch e-commerce professionals
You will have knowledge of Machine Learning and AI techniques (e.g. supervised and un-supervised machine learning techniques, deep learning, statistical analysis, time series, NLP, sentiment analysis, etc.)
Our Business Analysts are responsible for building customers environments to agreed standards with a focus on delivering professional Business Analysis Services to maximise the use of Civica's Software.
We are taking applications at all times.
If you share the same inquisitive nature, have a passion for getting to the truth by way of data, then we’d love to hear from you!
We are currently looking for talented Data Analysts to join our Sydney team to support our clients in making strategic, data-related decisions by analyzing, manipulating, tracking, and reporting data.
Our data analysts & consultants are natural problem solvers - they are curious, ambitious, and experts in their fields.  
You will have the opportunity to collaborate and learn from our whole team.
Collaboration with DevOps/CICD practices, automation framework – Infrastructure as Code (IaC)       
Spark SQL
We use AWS
(Psst, you’ll get bonus points if you have experience in PCI, GDPR, ISO, or other security compliance) 
Knowledge of data warehousing concepts and issues including common data modelling techniques (e.g. star schema, snowflake, data vault).
Importing data, mapping datasets, and optimising databases
An opportunity to add measurable value to the Digital Ecosystem’s success
Extensive professional development opportunities
Ability to work on multiple projects abilities to manage competing priorities.
Is able to work well under pressure to deliver quality service.
The opportunity to work within a fun and energetic team, alongside a supportive leadership team
ReachLocal is a global leader in Digital Advertising and award-winning Google Premier Partner providing total digital marketing solutions to clients.
We're part of Gannett, a leading US-based media and marketing company with unparalleled local-to-national reach, successfully connecting consumers, communities and businesses.
An integral role supporting the delivery of our new ERP system and BI platform
To apply for this position, you must have the right to work in Australia and be willing to provide a National Police Clearance no older than 6 months.
About the OpportunityThe Knowledge Graph squad focus on transforming marketplace data into rich, meaningful and connected assets and insights.
The squad builds and maintains knowledge bases and graphs and algorithms for allowing effective and efficient querying of these assets.
The work of the Knowledge Graph squad allows SEEK to make better sense of our data, enabling content to solve the most critical marketplace problems.
The Finance System and Data Analyst is responsible for the day to day administration and performance monitoring of core finance systems, providing functional support to business processes and working with key stakeholders to identify cause and resolutions of Finance production issues.  
This role adds value through the customer value chain, enabling all the finance users to deliver their reporting obligations through reliable and timely access of accurate finance data.
Formal qualification/s in a relevant Information Technology or Business discipline will be highly regarded, such as a Diploma in IT, Industry Certifications or other relevant Tertiary Credentials.
Identify and provide performance data insights to operational to support data-driven decision making
Working for us you will enjoy:
Collaborate with Architects to define the architecture and technology selection 
This is an exciting and rewarding opportunity for an experienced Data and Reporting Project Officer to join their Population Health team.  
The Data and Reporting Project Officer plays an integral role supporting the data and reporting projects and activities associated with the delivery of the Victorian Cancer Screening Framework’s Data and Surveillance Strategy.
Key responsibilities include the following:
If you experience technical difficulties when submitting your application, please contact recruitment@mcri.edu.au quoting Position Reference.
Is dedicated to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal customers; enjoys customer contact, establishes and maintains effective relationships and gains trust and respect.
Solid Python, Go, Bash and shell
scripting skills
Located at the Melbourne (Bundoora) campus or any other Victorian Regional campuses
Demonstrable experience of working hands-on with structured, semi-structured and unstructured big data systems
Proactive in exploring alternative/smarter ways and methods for problem resolution
Python/Scala/Java
·       Employee Share Purchase Plan
Novated lease opportunity
Advanced SQL knowledge, and sound data model knowledge of R12.1.3 and Oracle Fusion Cloud.
Hands‐on proficiency in visualisation tools such as Tableau, Power BI or similar
We like independent thinkers
We welcome your unique talents
Mentoring and overseeing your small team to become a hub for continuous improvement and service delivery once the new environment is up and running.
Ready to run with the many additional data projects waiting to be built.
Experience in engaging with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Leverage the skill and knowledge of your peers, technical leads and management
Excellent understanding of key data flow between Azure Data Warehouse elements such as Azure Data Lake, Blob Storage, Data Factory, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure SQL Database, Azure Analysis Services, Big Data.
Social events and networking
We’re interested in more than just your resume; your mentality is the most important.
We want to know more than what you do.
We want to find out who you are, what your ideas are and how you plan to make them a reality.
Are you ready to dedicate your talent to making the world a better place?
If so, we’d like to work with you to create a brighter future.
For you and the bank.
But most of all: for our customers.
Have you got what it takes?
Here at SEEK we pride ourselves on harbouring a flexible and inclusive working environment.
Should you require any specific supports or adjustments throughout the recruitment process and beyond, please advise us and we will be happy to assist.
The Intelligence Management Function (IMF) is a centralised data and analytics division to support prevention-led and client-centric decision making throughout WorkSafe.
Our objectives include:
How do you apply? 
We’d love to learn more about how your interests and experience could be a fit and welcome applications from diverse candidates.
If you require adjustments to our recruitment process, please speak to a member of the Perpetual Talent Acquisition team.
If you are interested in this position, please click on APPLY FOR THIS JOB to submit an up-to-date copy of your resume. 
A member of the Perpetual Talent Acquisition team will be in contact once your application has been reviewed.
What’s next?
We are dedicated to seeing our employees work together in an environment that fosters the true meaning of collaboration; a culture that creates the highest quality, cutting-edge products, long-lasting relationships, and improved organisational and individual capabilities.
We aim to give our employees an opportunity to grow and develop their careers
An industry-leading focus on technology & innovation 
To independently research and quickly understand new subject matter related to software development
Any previous formulation experience will be highly regarded
All about the role:
Proficiency in using analytics platforms
Strong communication, stakeholder management and influential skills with the ability to present information in a clear and logical manger to facilitate decision making
Maintain a continual cadence of analytics solution delivery, aligned to business strategy and priorities, and focused on strengthening decision-making at all levels;
The health and safety of our people, customers and communities is our number one priority.
This means that we require all of our employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19.
Please speak to us if you have any questions about this based on your individual circumstances.  
**wearengineering  
**dataengineering
To be successful in this role you will have a systems integration/data engineering experiences, demonstrating dedication towards continuous business process improvement.
The position requires exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking and a demonstrated ability to communicate and influence stakeholders as well as working closely with them to determine solutions within a complex working environment. 
Disclaimer
LexisNexis is a division of the RELX Group with operations in more than 100 countries.
We are a leading supplier of information and technology solutions to the legal, risk management, corporate, government, law enforcement, tax, accounting and academic professionals.
Our mission is to support our customers to advance commerce, society and justice.
Apply Now:  To submit your interest in this opportunity, select "Apply for this job".  
Want to know more?  
A comprehensive Position Description is available on our Careers page,www.olympus.com.au [link removed].  
In the meantime, follow us on:
The West Gate Tunnel is a partnership between the Victorian Government and Transurban.
The Joint Venture has been chosen as the contractor for construction, which began in early 2018 following planning assessment. 
Flexibility to respond to project manager needs as required
The wellbeing of our employees is our priority.
We encourage you to talk to us about any adjustments or additional support you may require during the recruitment process, as well as how this role can be flexible for you. 
Virtual interviews are always on offer and will not adversely impact your application.
Melbourne Based preferable with flexible remote working options
137 000+ employees in 100+ countries
Experience (Preferred);
Our client is a large NSW government department that provides education services
Apply advanced analytics techniques to business problems
*Please note that the AICD is not accepting resumes from recruitment agencies for this opportunity.
Project Financial Management Financials (Actuals, Budget, Forecasts)
Experience collecting, interpreting and undertaking qualitative and quantitative data analysis in a complex environment to gain meaningful insights to improve performance.
To Apply:
Our client is a leading global mining group that focuses on finding, mining and processing the Earth's mineral resources.
Visualization tools (eg Tableau, Power Bi)
Experience developing data storage layers optimised for query performance
Own the planned monthly reporting including local industry development plan, major projects skills guarantee compliance, data validation, audit requirements and any other planned or adhoc requests for data
Degree qualified with experience in a service industry with direct customer interface;
Set pricing and promotion strategy to maximise demand while conscious of unit economics
Writing, updating and maintaining technical programs and operational procedures.
Thought Partnership – Is able to interact with individual stakeholders to understand their business needs and to make suggestions for analyses and metrics to drive insights and recommendations.
Understands who the customers are and what is happening in the market with necessary commercial awareness.
What will your typical day look like?  
In consultation with the supervisor, develop an annual work plan that articulates, clarifies and documents the role’s specific responsibilities, key deliverables and indicators of success over a 12 month period.
Competitive salary packaging options
Interested in joining Australia?s largest public pathology service?
Apply now by addressing the following questions:
Provide technical inputs as aligned to the data management strategy, ensuring it supports key enterprise initiatives and strategies.
Experience working with data modelling techniques
Strong knowledge of statistical/data mining methods and application in a business environment
The role will be responsible for design, development and unit testing activities across several data movement and transformation processes within DAWE.
These data movement and transformation processes are in the process of being uplifted to Microsoft Azure and the successful candidate will require experience using the following technology: 
Given the state/ territory of the position you are applying for, and to enable Coles to provide a safe environment for its team members, there may be a requirement for you to receive a COVID-19 vaccination before commencing work for Coles, unless you are medically exempt.
ManpowerGroup is committed to being a Diversity Confident Recruiter and encourages applications from people from a diverse range of backgrounds, including people with a disability.
Please indicate your preferred method of communication in your resume and please let us know if you require any reasonable adjustments should you be contacted for an interview.
An attitude of getting things done quicker while maintaining a decent level quality
Use aseptic techniques at all times to avoid contamination of laboratory areas, samples or instrumentation
Solid understanding of Cloud Networking concepts and experience implementing and supporting
Employee Share Purchase Plan
ABOUT THE ROLE 
Cooma Laboratory is a small, but busy laboratory located in the Monaro, in Southern NSW.
The position involves working across a range of disciplines and participation in an out of hours and on-call rosters.  
Experience architecting and delivering solutions in cloud technologies - AWS and Snowflake 
Meticulous eye for detail to deliver work which is accurate and on time

Work closely with the Systems team and Group IT to manage data extraction, storage, integration, and transformation processes.   

Ranked 6th place in the AAGE Top Graduate Employers 2021 as voted by graduates
Coordinate with other teams for planning, design, governance, engineering and release management of processes and ensure timely and accurate delivery of data and services.
Demonstrated organisational and co-ordinational skills. 
True startup environment where priorities can change frequently but must have an attitude to navigate through the systems
Creation & execution of test cases, test plans & test cycles.
About the role
It is an inherent requirement of this position that work be performed safely whilst upholding Huon’s Values.
The appointed person must be able to build and maintain strong working relationships with key stakeholders.
We are an insights platform that helps brands learn more about their customers, locations and competitors.
Our focus is on real-world behaviour, which we develop from de-identified mobile location and mobile device datasets sourced in a privacy-compliant manner.
Clients licence our technology in two ways:
Closing Date: 31 December 2021.
Developing a positive culture of continuous improvement
Perform data validation and quality checks
Your journey will begin at FDM’s training academy where we will fund your training and industry recognised qualifications, as well as provide you with mentoring and support throughout.
Our award-winning Graduate Program provides a wealth of opportunity to gain transferable skills as well as becoming an expert in your field.
After successfully completing your training, you will work with one or more of our prestigious clients during the two-year program.  
What We’ll Love About You:
Flexible work arrangements
$825 per day inc. super
Skills/ Requirements:
This role is for you if you have:
The Local Buying Program provides opportunities for over 1,400 registered suppliers to competitively supply goods and services to BHP, BMA or BMC.
That means we are connecting Australia’s biggest business with our regions’ smallest businesses – and that means hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of opportunity driving sustainable regional communities.
Culture  
2020 Best Workplace Diversity & Inclusion and Excellence Award for Best Health & Wellbeing at the Australian HR Awards
seven staff-led diversity and inclusion networks;
Should you require any further assistance please contact Cortnie Taylor at Cortnie.taylor@airservicesaustralia.com
Applications close 11:59pm 15th December 2021
Designing and implementing Azure data technologies through the application of high-performance computing, large scale data integration and emerging analytical platforms.
Contribute to the design, build and support of the Enterprise Data Platform
Work with a best of breed cloud technology stack - Airflow, Snowflake, dbt, & Tableau
Detailed knowledge/understanding of Meter data.
Programming, Scripting, functions, and queries in Python, SQL, Scala, Java, or equivalents. 
Why Coles?We’re committed to making this a great place to work, from day one.
From flexible working arrangements to discounts across all our internal brands (including 5% off at Coles supermarkets!), there are plenty of reasons to love working here.
Explore all this and more at our Coles Careers website.
Coles Group is an endorsed employer for all women.
See our range of benefits and policies directly at WORK180: Coles Group – Work180 Endorsed Employer
[link
removed]For everyone who shares our passionWe encourage applications from people of all ages, nationalities, abilities and cultures – including Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, the LGBTQI+ community and people living with disability.
We’re happy to adjust our recruitment process to support accessibility needs – so reach out to us at www.careers.colesgroup.com.au
> Careers for everyone > Disability employment.
We’d
love to meet youIf
you have the skills, experience and motivation to succeed in this role, please take the next step and submit your application. 
We have a rare vacancy for a Machine Learning Engineer to join our data science teams based here in the Sydney CBD offices.
Reporting into the Head of Analytics, you will be responsible for delivering data science solutions to business processes and providing decision support to improve the quality and performance of various business units.
You will translate the needs of internal business stakeholders into data driven, tractable and soluble problems which you will in turn resolve through the latest machine learning techniques, best practice data engineering and the use of big data tools.
You will be integrating data from a variety of sources as well as collaborating with technical and SME peers as required; and communicate results, findings, and recommendations back to business owners with actionable timeframes. 
Working knowledge in big data frameworks such as Apache Spark, Apache Kafka, Apache Airflow, DBT
Relevant Master’s or higher-level qualification in field related to data analysis, computing, and/or computer science.
Graduate-level applications welcome.
Exposure to practices that support an agile way of working (e.g. pair programming, continuous build and integration, test driven development etc.)
Support the business alignment to the data quality standards
Experience creating generic template-based processes.
We are at a pivotal point of our journey, with lots of exciting change ahead.
We are looking for future leaders to take our business to the next level.
If you want to be part of driving disruption, working in a fun and fast-paced environment with the best and brightest from across the technology industry then read on...
Knowledge of cloud-related data warehouse (e.g. Snowflake) and Business Intelligence (e.g. Qlik Sense)
technologies (desirable)
High degree of flexibility and adaptability – must feel comfortable in a dynamic working environment
Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses.
Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.), Cognizant combines a passion for client satisfaction, technology innovation, deep industry and business process expertise, and a global, collaborative workforce that embodies the future of work.
Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 2000, and the Fortune 500 and is ranked among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.
If you are interested in this opportunity, please send your CV and cover* letter to Kerri McAllen at:  Kerri.mcallen@virtushealth.com.au.
You will have the opportunity to work on one of the biggest strategic initiatives within the Woolworths business - to deliver a differentiated offer for our customers, leveraging our data and insights to inform how we make physical range and space decisions. 
Aegros is Latin for ‘Patient’.
We chose this name because it speaks to our focus on the patient.
Every day we strive to place the patient first by providing therapeutic plasma products they would not otherwise be able to access.
Digital - Full stack Development, UI/UX Design, Mobile Development
Expertise in relational database technologies (SQLServer, Aurion, DB2, etc.) and cloud analytics (AWS, GCP, Azure, etc.), with direct experience with AWS Cloud data-based technologies and services (e.g. Glue / Airflow / Cloud-watch) and Snowflake preferred
Collaborates effectively with others and influences all stakeholders towards business outcomes.
Assessing and reporting on the quality of organisation data, and supporting other enterprise-wide data governance initiatives
Previous experience generating information and insights from data sets and identifying trends and patterns.
Build and maintain strong relationships with consumers of the data models and the channels in place / produced to publish the information managed by Digital Finance.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.
Ability to follow instructions.
Responsible for the delivery of regular reporting and the development of new reporting
Key responsibilities include providing co-ordination and reporting support to the leadership group across a diverse range of Portfolio activities, assisting in the preparation of the Portfolio level reports, and tracking and ensuring that Portfolio as well as corporate reporting deadlines and priorities are met, and to a consistent quality.
Social events (Strategy forums, Annual Awards, and Christmas parties).
How to applySelect "Apply Now" to submit your application & CV.
Post graduate qualification in a quantitative discipline (e.g. Physics, Mathematics, Bioinformatics, Computer Science)
Possess an autonomous mentality
Why us?There's so much more to a career with Bendigo and Adelaide Bank than just banking. 
Major Government Client
With more than 160 years of history, we are proud of our position in the community with more satisfied customers than any other Australian bank.  
Every day, we work hard to bring our company purpose to life, feeding into the success of our customers and communities and not off it. 
Maintain a robust working relationship with the project’s Commercial teams to enhance their understanding and compliance to the Social Procurement and Major Project Skills Guarantee commitments
Proactively communicate and collaborate with internal & external stakeholders to evaluate requirements.
Employee Perks such as additional leave, social nights, discounts through our Rewards portal and much more
The primary focus on the role is to obtain and maintain a detailed understanding of the property market, sourcing properties that represent potential opportunities!
ABOUT YOU 
Generous salary
Experience with cloud based data platforms (e.g. AWS, BigQuery, Redshift)
You will be an excellent listener, with the ability to communicate simplistically for customers, in addition to:
Validate data for the purposes of understanding or making conclusions from the data used for reporting purposes
Key responsibilities include:
To be successful in this role you will have:
Writing and maintaining code to meet software requirements, design and technical specifications.
Highly developed verbal, written, presentation, and persuasion skills
Annual salary from $87,916 to $93,421 per annum, plus superannuation
Usual work location: 121 Exhibition Street, Melbourne CBD
(flexibility may be available)
 What you'll get in return In return, this position offers you with:
A work environment where safety and mental health is always the number one priority.
An excellent culture that holds true to company values
Be part of something bigger
Providing strategic leadership in the technology and data capability space, working with the executive leadership team to execute strategic, operational and change management programs.
b. Data Store
Experience in Microsoft Azure/Synapse, or similar, cloud service is advantageous;
The ability to program in an object oriented programming language
About the Corporate Operations Group
Comfortable working with machine learning algorithms and approaches; you ideally have extended experience in a specific problem domain (NLP, Unsupervised Learning, Neural Nets).
You will have a combination of the following skills:
Experience with a number of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.)
Our client is looking for individuals with a strong background in Elasticsearch architecture, installation, optimisation and automation including demonstrated experience working within project delivery teams.
Excellent verbal and written communication
Advanced Analytics Concepts (Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Engineering)
Hey You!
Ability to multi-task and coordinate priorities simultaneously
- Demonstrated experience as a Business Analyst within Financial Services projects
Data analytics
We are looking for an Online Unit Coordinator (OUC) and Online Learning Advisor (OLA) who are experts in their field to facilitate units within our IT courses. 
Flexible work-life balance options
You are comfortable being responsible for continuous deployment, operation, and monitoring of your data solutions and their infrastructure;
CBD Location – Working from Home
Expertise in the Data Migration / Integration field
Working with analytics partners to build and operationalise models, quantifying and analysing model performance, and overseeing model refreshing requirements
Grow client relationships with open communication
If you have the skills and experience to successfully carry out the requirement of the role, we would like to hear from you!
Solid understanding of database structures, theories, principles & practices
What we are looking for in you
We're looking for an experienced and proactive Data Engineer to join our growing team of Data and Application specialists.
You will be responsible for database maintenance but more importantly designing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection within and across Urbis.
🤓 Sharp
👯‍♀️ Dependable
💪 Proactive 📈 High-value ❤
️ Caring 👩
‍��
Playful
Develop an understanding of the different data sources available in Menulog
Eager to present new ideas to your peers & management
Working with information management specialists to identify and classify new feature sets, explore machine learning algorithms, and extract new feature sets
Maintain and improve the existing Menulog data warehouse
Engineering or Science degree or equivalent.
Green field project exposure
Strong consulting capabilities
Amazing company culture
Use Cases:


Responsible for supporting the identification, prioritisation, scoping and development of data science solutions that address priority business needs
Responsible for executing all relevant project responsibilities within scope, timelines, and quality standards


Ahpra is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion.
We strongly encourage people of all abilities to apply, particularly people of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander heritage, and those who may experience diversity or disability related barriers in securing employment.  
If you have any support or access requirements, we encourage you to advise us at time of application.
Sound like you?
That's a good sign!
In return for your energy and ideas, we offer a flexible working environment and great compensation.
We always support a safe, healthy, engaging, and productive working environment for all employees and workers, whether that be in your home and office, or a combination of both.
We're Latitude, partners in money Latitude may seem like the new kid on the block, but it's taken us almost a hundred years to become an overnight success.
Digital payments, cards, loans, and insurance is what we offer - but what we really are is a platform that helps people shop and live better.
Always living and breathing our values.
Act Right, Show Care, Be Curious.   
We're not engaging any recruitment agencies for this role, so if you're interested.
Please apply directly!  
Successful applicants will be required to complete a background check (including criminal history and bankruptcy check) prior to commencement of employment.
Only open to Australian or New Zealand Permanent Residents or Citizens
Experience in a similar project management role or digital background
Excellent initiative and follow-up skill and ability to carry out a variety of responsibilities
Testing relative company performance
You will work as part of a cross-functional Scrum Team and will be expected to fulfil all duties to help the team deliver committed work.  
This will include:  Working alongside your BA to understand stakeholder requirements and translate these into technical solutions to meet their needs.
Supporting the QA / testing processes, building automated test cases.
Documenting solutions and operations to make sure you can be freed up to work on new projects and deliveries, and to improve communication with stakeholders.
Working closely with BizCover’s Data Analysts and Data Scientists to build operational data pipelines and as part of solutions which will operationalise Machine Learning.
Working with the Operations team to ensure a smooth transition from project delivery to ongoing support.  
Attention to detail
Understand company and client challenges and
how integrating AI capabilities can help create solutions
Our client is a global service provider with a dedicated team who work to service customers across a broad range of industry sectors including mining, industrial, logistics, resources and construction.
They are currently looking to appoint a Data Analyst to be based in their Brisbane head office.
This role has flexible working arrangements to work from home at times and is a newly created role.
Assist with data informed risk profiling to support compliance monitoring activities.
Power BI experience an advantage
Advanced communication skills
Great team with a strong culture of support & inclusiveness
Must have worked on various banking and financial products such as - payments, deposits, interests, accounts, cards, loans, investments, cash management and capital/internet/retail/investment/corporate banking.
Support COS Continuous Improvement practices
There is a new model being built to help solve challenging problems across different sites; how do we model the amount and shapes of retail space in each site and optimise this for new clients?
A Bachelors degree – all relevant disciplines welcome (Commerce, Finance, Business and Economics) 
MUST have experience in Google Cloud Platform (GCP) stack including Google Cloud Storage, BigQuery, Compute Engine, Cloud Composer and Cloud Function.
Demonstrated experience of container-based development and deployment.
To apply please click apply or call Lucy Edwards on 03 8628 2104 for a confidential discussion.
·       Flexible leave offerings, including opportunities to purchase additional leave
Knowledge of modern data engineering and data science concepts
Using our data framework, and adoption metrics, support the Practice Lead in the planning and prioritisation of initiatives to drive further adoption of our Data Responsibilities
Objectives
A desire, passion, and tenacity to set a personal vision and truly make a difference in the work you do with your colleagues, you enjoy a challenge and draw energy from solving problems.
Key aspects of this role include (but not limited to):
Building and operating highly scalable, available, performant and secure solutions
George Weston Foods make and supply some of Australia & New Zealand's favourite and most innovative brands and products. 
GWF's product range is diverse and includes leading brands of breads, baked goods, smallgoods, dips, flour, milled products, animal feed and hygiene solutions.
We are one of ANZ's largest food manufacturers employing over 6000 people, across 50+ sites.
Responsibilities for this role include:
Proven ability to manage stakeholder relationships, including performance monitoring and reporting requirements
Does this sound like you?
If so, please apply.
To be successful in this critical role you will possess:
@Evergen we are on a mission to kill a coal fired power station in 10 countries by 2023.
Our team is an amazing mix of some of the smartest, curious and most diverse people from all over the world working together to speed the transition of the world to renewables.
Excellent communication skills and ability to articulate information requirements to ACOR staff & managers
Strong analytical and quantitative problem-solving ability
Organizing, supporting and collaborating with other team members to meet project deliverables and timelines.
High level designer of Big data configurations and pipelines
Be You @ Bayer
Data Engineers
Works well in a multi-disciplined team
Strong understanding of reporting tools including Power BI and other visualization software as a subject matter expert
Builds trust, safety and inclusion in teams
Yearly happiness allowance to spend on your health, family, a charity or whatever makes you happy (not your gas bill!)
Productionising (build/test/support) predictive model hypothesises
Short-term incentive plan (5-10% of base salary based on tenure and performance)
Develop and maintain regular reporting on performance to meet Government (or corporate) KPIs including fortnightly, monthly, quarterly & annual reports
For more information or a copy of the PD, please contact Lorrae Carr - Senior Recruitment Advisor at lorrae.carr@powerlink.com.au. 
The Customer Optimisation Analyst works closely with the RBU teams, Workforce Planning, and strategic partners to develop short and long-term forecasts, develop operational dashboards whilst supporting key stakeholders in RBU to analyse and optimise processes to enhance the customer experience
In a nutshell... 
The Data Engineer is required to provide technical expertise across data platforms and support project delivery and new technology implementations.
Reporting into the Manager, Information & Reporting the Data Engineer will be the lead in managing, optimizing, overseeing, and monitoring data retrieval, storage, and distribution.
Accountability - Promises are made, and promises are kept
2+ years’ related experience or equivalent education
  
Next steps:
Evaluate analytics and machine-learning models.
Advise on the effectiveness of specific techniques based on project findings and comprehensive research.
This role will see you working within a small close knit team, providing data management and reporting services to the organisation in order to meet business requirements and facilitate the standardisation and automation of data management services, whilst providing recommendations and guidance based on your analysis.
This is a client-facing role; therefore, you should be well presented and have outstanding communication skills.
You will be comfortable working both as part of a team and autonomously.
Provide subject matter expertise on data science technologies, especially around data extraction, transformation and modelling
Highly analytical and creative in providing options to solve problems, supported by architecture design principles and data governance best practice
Managing our Azure data infrastructure – including monitoring, cost, right-sizing, scaling, etc.
Is innovation part of your DNA?
Do you want to enable a connected future for people, organizations, and society?
         Actuarial Science, Commerce, Investments/Finance, Mathematics/Statistics, Programming or equivalent
Austin Health is the major provider of tertiary health services, health professional education and research across 3 campuses in the northeast of Melbourne and state-wide.
Austin Health is world-renowned for its research and specialist work in cancer, liver transplantation, spinal cord injuries, neurology, endocrinology, mental health and rehabilitation.
Experience working in a team
Deliverables may include: Work on ETL and other database processesUsing advanced analytics to identify high-risk behaviours and targets for compliance and fraud activity.
Developing self-service products and responding to adhoc data requests for case evidence and intelligence to support compliance and fraud operations.
Developing early warning systems for high risk behaviours, such as watchlist monitoring.
Developing appropriate performance metrics.
Deliver quality reports through understanding policy, legislative requirements and system design for compliance and fraud activities and cases.
Use existing standard reports or writing ad-hoc data queries to produce evidence for compliance, fraud and legal matters.
SAS/SQL programming skillset is highly desirable for this function.
Prepare internal performance and progress reports and contribute to briefings for executive.
Provide administrative support regarding data systems, including the development and delivery of training and support materials for end users.
Deliver value and service to clients and stakeholders by understanding their needs, identifying risks and opportunities for business improvement and providing feedback and advice to stakeholders.
Strong understanding of Mass Parallel Processing (MPP) Databases (Netezza & Redshift)
Water / Utility Industry Experience - Desirable
High levels of empathy for the challenges experienced by online students
Good understanding of Data Science domain, statistical and analytical model development and implementation
An exciting opportunity to develop your career in risk management and modelling.
The objective of this role is to support Latitude Financial Services (LFS) Risk Modelling Centre of Excellence by developing, maintaining and advancing quantitative models through the entire life cycle of each LFS financial product.
At Latitude we've set our sights on revolutionising how people borrow money - moving to an insight-led, tech driven offer that helps our customers enjoy easier money freedom.
Lets talk about the opportunity
Experience with data aggregation, standardization, linking, quality check mechanisms, and reporting
prior working experience with AWS - any or all of EC2, S3, EBS, ELB, RDS, EMR, Apache Parquet  
5+ years’ experience as a business analyst in software development
Python scripting
Why Cox Automotive Australia?
Please contact julia.riley@hays.com.au  
Your new company Your new government department is involved with the future of Australia's sustainable development.
This department manages internationally recognized standards, codes of practice and guidelines.  
Your new role
We're on the lookout for a fast-learning and enthusiastic Analyst to support our Relationship team in helping SMEs meet their goals. 
Must be strong communicator due to the fast paced finance team
Demonstrated experience in the role of a data analyst or equivalent on a large technology project.
Our collaborative and safe work environment allows you to develop and expand your expertise in an industry that’s constantly evolving.
We’re committed to equal opportunity and providing a flexible work life balance that empowers you to work smarter and supports your career growth.
The Ideal Candidate:
People First Focus, our team is always accessible
You will work alongside the most successful and experienced operators in the country to support senior members of the Retail Investment Services team by researching the property investment market and supporting the production of submissions and key marketing material.
Formal qualification/s in a relevant Information Technology or Business discipline will be highly regarded, such as a Diploma in IT, Industry Certifications or other relevant Tertiary Credentials. 
An interest working in a sometimes ambiguous environment - as that is the nature of a fast-growing start-up
This is a great opportunity to work with a market leading brand that offers excellent training and development to support continuous learning and careers opportunities.
You are wanting to work with a recruiter who understands the evolving data discipline and who can help you advance your career.
Effective management skills, including the ability to multitask and manage multiple deliverables and projects concurrently.
Experience in ETL Control Frameworks including Teradata GCFR or similar.
Use methodical analysis to influence/support campaign strategy and budgets
Experience working with Azure Data Factory.
Strong analytical thinker and problem solver with thought leadership and commercial awareness.
Proven experience with SQL and a sound understanding of R and/or Python.
ensuring proactive compliance to security priorities
The West Gate Tunnel Project is a city-shaping project that will deliver a vital alternative to the West Gate Bridge, provide quicker and safer journeys, and remove thousands of trucks off residential streets.
The project will include:
Defining and implementing best practices within a DataOps and MLOps processes
Reporting to the Lead Data Analyst, the Data Scientist will be responsible for delivering analytical projects and productised solutions (using predominantly mobile GPS location and mobile device datasets) whilst always looking for insights and commercial value-add opportunities to existing clients and/or can be developed into new productised solutions.
The core set of skills required in this role are: 
Create your Viz - Now the fun begins!
Once you have your data set, you can begin creating your winning viz!
You’re a great fit if you have:
ACOR is an Australia-wide and employee-owned engineering consulting firm, offering a full range of specialist engineering services across multiple sectors.
We have a proven track record for the successful delivery of large-scale multi-discipline projects, as well as smaller niche assignments.
Our client’s needs are at the core of everything we do – their success is our success.
Job
no: 0054624
The TAC promotes a workplace that actively seeks to welcome and value unique contributions of all people, and is committed to diversity and social inclusion in our employment practices.
We strongly encourage people with disability and diverse backgrounds to apply for our roles.
CBD Location – Work from Home Initially
Contribute to the identification of external experts in respiratory biology for establishing new collaborative opportunities;
Preparing and manipulating data to enable modelling, analysis, monitoring and reporting components of the pricing process
Technical skills
Ability to present and communicate complex technical issues to a variety of audiences including senior management; and
Your Skills 
Strong project management and organisational skills.
We offer all kinds of benefits, such as: [link removed] 
Analytical experience with Python, Scala or R.
Proficiency in SQL and programming experience using R and/or Python
Continual identification of process improvements, providing data-driven solutions using a variety of industry-standard project management & process improvement methodologies.
Salt is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
Test Driven Development
Data development and management experience including but not limited to data migration, modelling and analytics mandatory.
Experience with in vivo preclinical testing.
We are an international insurer and reinsurer offering a diverse portfolio of commercial, personal and specialty products, as well as risk management solutions.
Our product portfolio includes property, motor, crop, energy, marine and aviation.
We employee a team of more than 11,800 people, in 27 countries around the world.
Working knowledge of the practical & conceptual knowledge of analytics tools and statistical analysis methods
What to submit
Experiment novel approaches to solve problems
Western Health is in a period of rapid growth.
Our services comprise of four acute public hospitals: Footscray Hospital, Sunshine Hospital (including
Joan Kirner Women's and Children's), Williamstown Hospital and Bacchus Marsh & Melton Hospital.
We also operate Sunbury Day Hospital, Hazeldean, Grant Lodge Residential Aged Care, as well as community health centres in Melton, Caroline Springs and Bacchus Marsh and a range of community-based services.
We care for a diverse community of more than 1 million people with complex care needs ranging from Neonates to Geriatrics.
Any continual learning and/or certifications relating to data/analytics are highly valued
professional and technical development opportunities
Develop best practices for standard naming conventions and coding practices to ensure consistency of data models
Model operational excellence, owning your team’s operations including code quality and reviews, testing, security and monitoring.
Proven scientific research skills (published scientific papers and/or scientific conference presentations).
The Data Analyst position will report through to the Local Business Partner Lead as part of the Product Insights team in Sydney Olympic Park.
This is a great permanent full-time opportunity for you to gain more experience within a dedicated team.
IS/
IT delivers a shared IT service to all Thales Australia business units located across Australia.
We are currently on a transformational journey, and we are looking for an engaging candidate who looking to expand on their experience and who will be an active participant in our journey. 
Demonstrable skills using open source tools, frameworks and technologies
Create an environment, mindset and culture of continual improvement and innovation in how we work
Experience working in an Agile environment under DevOps model
ASIO is seeking to fill the role of Senior Director Technology and Data who will be responsible for coordinating, and delivering on, cross-Divisional compliance, executive matters and external engagement.
We are Australia's largest superannuation fund, here to help members achieve their best possible retirement outcome.
Working with a wide range of stakeholders, we create meaningful value for members and our communities through our diverse workforce of highly competent and highly motivated employees.  
Your new team  Our Finance and Operations group ensures the Fund's considerable financial, commercial, legal and operational activities are timely and accurate.
Dedicated to continuous improvement, it is a team led by managers who advocate for their people, are open and approachable and who share their knowledge.
Our environment enables you to seize exciting career opportunities, to feel trusted and respected, and to lead a fulfilling life with true workplace flexibility.  
Your new role  As a Data Analyst your role is to learn and undertake daily control tasks and monitor daily database updates to ensure accurate and timely delivery of data to either the investment department or the data scientists from our member function.
You will maintain and continuously improve the data environment and will be endlessly curious and eager to learn.  
In this role, you will:
Ideally, you will further have:
Why we think you will love Sidekicker
We’re talking about working with a team that shapes our future Data and ML Engineering capability, while building out some of the most advanced data products and platforms in WA, using the latest cloud tech.
Strong ability to craft raw data and analysis and translate insights into decisions and actions that have direct business impact
Engage stakeholders at various levels; from senior business leaders, customers to technical teams.
At Pet Circle we believe that collaboration and team connection is key for success.
This role can be based remotely within Australia & New Zealand.
To ensure you have the opportunity to connect and collaborate face to face with your team, we will support you with travel to our nearest office once per quarter, likely for 2 days. 
The incumbent will work closely with Operational and R&D team members and other functional areas within CSL Behring along with partners including external organizations / institutions in order to identify and implement the appropriate transformation tools and ensure that initiatives are aligned globally.
Excellence + Impact
Monitor Hadoop cluster connectivity and security.
Ability to work autonomously and as a member of inter-departmental teams.
Excellent Python (preferred) or Java programming experience is a must-have
We will trust you to:
Knowledge and Experience:
Need more information?
  
1) Click here for the Position Description
  2) Find out more about applying for this position

For role related queries or questions contact Vimlesh Dhir on Vimlesh.Dhir@health.nsw.gov.au
This role is based in Geelong but genU supports working flexibly
Support and document solution architectures and lessons learned for each exploration and accelerated incubation
Key Skills
 So here at Civica, we look after you.  
Here's what you can expect:
Have a minimum of 5+ years’ experience in paid search
Fluent with a command line in a *nix environment
Reporting to the Data Integration Manager and working in a collaborative and exciting environment within our global Information Systems and Technology team you will:
Advanced Power BI and MS Office skills (including Excel and Access database)
Ability to work with, generate and conceptualise data visualisations and data dashboards using visualisation tools
Provide effective planning of data sources required to develop BI data models in collaboration with planning, reporting, and engineering teams.   
If we can assist you with any reasonable adjustments in order to submit your application for this role, please contact the TAC People & Culture Team on (03)
5225 7500 or via email at people_culture@tac.vic.gov.au and a member of the team will be in touch.
Working with BA’s to understand stakeholder requirements and translate these into technical solutions to meet their needs.
Data development in business processes
About the position
The Reporting and Insights Analyst is responsible for providing vital support to the business by using data analysis and reporting to drive insights and decisions that improve Service operations.
This role will work cross-functionally with key stakeholders across business leaders to identify business optimisation initiatives, deliver reporting solutions and support the business in implementing key analytical initiatives. 
You will be keen to kick start your career in the water industry.
Ideally you will have a proven interest in hydrography through experience and/or tertiary education.  
You will demonstrate you are detail oriented, and able to make informed decisions independently. 
You will enjoy deriving results from data sets.
Working Rights
Support of flexible working (please note that the majority of SEEK Australia employees are currently working remotely due to Covid-19)
Excellent research skills
If you share our belief, join our team of 1800 employees and hundreds of volunteers and take delight in knowing that you're making a contribution to the lives of older people.
You'll do so while enjoying a rewarding career pathway, ongoing training, competitive salary options and a passionate, flexible workplace.
Maintain excellent collaborative and effective working relationships with stakeholders to align reporting with business needs
Actively identify process improvements and recommend necessary actions to promote continuous improvement culture
Process biological samples and conduct samples preparation
Flexible Working Options.
Strong written and verbal communication skills
High growth global family-owned business
About LANDMARKS ID:
Data pipeline development, including Azure Data Factory, AWS Kinesis, Spark
Accelerate our data journey.
We’ve worked hard at building an environment for you to lead change.
It’s an opportunity to intellectually stretch yourself as you work with one of the largest data sets in the country on a variety of complex problems that will make a big impact.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organise, analyse, and disseminate significant amounts of information.
analysing invoice data
A real opportunity to impact the business by solving real customer problems
Huge career growth potential
Demonstrated knowledge and experience using data query languages (e.g. SQL) to query and analyse data sourced from relational databases and other data sources.
Full time, 13 month fixed term role
Applications close COB 23rd December 2021
Experience working in a cross functional product engineering team
Experience in Data Governance or Master Data Management.
Your development & career
Prepare and deliver critical analytics projects
Good communications skills with a capacity to interact well with others and to work effectively in a team environment.  
From education and volunteer leave to learning benefits and banking discounts, we offer access to a wide range of employee benefits.
You can learn more about these at http://www.nab.com.au/about-us/careers/working-at-nab/benefits 
About the Role  
Artificial Intelligence - Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning.
Passion for visualization
The Business Analyst is responsible for pricing strategies to drive revenue and profitability.
To do this effectively, you will leverage your retail and analytical skills to optimise and review prices for a large assortment of merchandise, utilising advanced solutions in data analytics and pricing strategies.
Loup combines a world-leading technology stack and production of engaging content to launch and operate compelling, interactive digital fitness, health, and wellness programs led by household name, “Fitness Inspiration” personalities.
5+ years as a data analyst
Our Faculty of Science, Medicine and Health is positioned to be a major force in connected and science-embedded education and translational science, medical and health research in Australia.
Empowered by first-class teaching and driven by active research and discovery towards being in the top 1% of Universities in the world, this Faculty combines the very best of science, with strong capacity for translation to our global communities’ needs and aspirations.  
The School of Chemistry and Molecular Bioscience (SCMB) teaches and conducts research in Biomedical Sciences including Biochemistry, Molecular Biophysics, Microbiology and Cell and Molecular Biology, and all disciplines of Chemistry.
SCMB staff have global research connections providing multi-faceted opportunities for knowledge growth and development.
To be considered for the role click the 'apply' button or for more information about this and other opportunities please contact Aaron Sherlock on 08 61511705 or email:
asherlock@paxus.com.au and quote the above job reference number.
Have an analytical mind with the ability to interpret the relationship between business activities and the impact on the environment and financials, and present output in a meaningful manner.
Reporting to the Lead Analyst, this R&D position will provide technical direction to the development, validation and transfer of test methods required for vaccine and vaccine product analysis. 
Degree qualified in a relevant commercial, analytical or mathematical discipline
Travel discounts and deals bookable through their internal team
The safety and wellbeing of our employees and potential employees are important to us.
Our external candidates will have the choice to either interview in our offices or via Zoom.
Not only do we wish to protect the health and safety of our people, we want to assure candidates that there is no expectation from REA to meet face-to-face.
A virtual interview will not adversely impact your application.
If you have any questions or concerns, this can be discussed through the screening process.  
We're REA  
An Australian start-up success story
we're quietly proud of.  
From a garage in Melbourne to the global stage is an achievement we're humbled by.
Our idea to put pictures of houses on the internet has blossomed since 1995, and we now have businesses across Australia, Asia, India and North America.  
Our purpose is to change the way the world experiences property.
No matter where you're at on your property journey, we're here to help on every step - whether that's buying, selling, renting or renovating.  
Some of our brands include realestate.com.au, realcommercial.com.au, spacely.com.au, Flatmates.com.au, Proptrack.com, Smartline.com.au and Mortgage Choice.  
We're proud to have been named one of Australia's Best Workplaces for 2021.
This recognition is a great proof point of our unique and special culture.
A culture that is driven by our people, our values, and our commitment to making a difference in the community.    
What we're doing  With us, you'll experience Impact.
REA is evolving how it leverages data and technology to deliver benefits for customers.
After the acquisition of PropTrack in May-18, and following large growth in recent years, we are now looking for a Business Analayst to help deliver our growing suite of B2B API and web application solutions for the banking and property valuations sector.  
PropTrack provides property data and technical platform solutions to customers in the financial and government sectors.
The Engineering Team within PropTrack works together to deliver solutions to our internal and external customers.
It is the core delivery center for developing solutions to meet customer priorities and align with PropTrack's technology strategy.  
What you'll be doing  
We are looking for a Business Analyst who is passionate about agile solution delivery.
You will be working collaboratively with our external clients and internal product and technical team members to help deliver and support PropTrack's B2B API and web application solutions.
The BA Supports the teams in the following ways:
Lead the development and engineering of automated solutions for complex data requirements, collecting, storing, analyzing, and applying business rules to consolidated and reusable objects.
Collaborate with the data and analytics team to plan and prioritise organisational data requirements.
Enjoy our flexible working culture, that focuses on WHAT you deliver, not WHERE you deliver it.
 What you need to do now
At Hays, we value diversity and are passionate about placing people in a role where they can flourish and succeed.
We actively encourage people from a diverse background to apply.  
If you're interested in this role, click 'Apply Now' to submit an up-to-date copy of your CV via our secure portal.  
For further information about this role, please contact: An Nguyen Recruitment Partner An.Nguyen@hays.com.au (07) 3243 3044  
If this role isn't quite right for you, but you are looking for similar Data Analyst roles in Brisbane or the Gold Coast, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.  
SA Licence number : LHS 297508
Company website - www.olympus.com.au [link removed]
To be considered for this fantastic opportunity, you will have:
The Role:Auto & General have established a new Data and Analytics division and therefore are seeking data analytics professionals to join our growing and innovated business.
The Data, Analytics and Insights team designs, develops, deploys and embeds end-to-end analytics solutions that intelligently leverage data for commercial outcomes, enabling data-driven decision-making throughout Auto & General.
Accountabilities:
Health and Wellness Program, including access to an Employee Assistance Program
Knowledge of, or experience with, Snowflake Cloud Data Platform, DBT and Fivetran.  
Work cross-functionally with our Ops, Commercial and Product teams to streamline processes
End to end data pipelines using on-premise or cloud based data platforms.
Excellent in engaging with internal stakeholders with an eagerness to promote collaboration among different departments 
To start small and impact bigger.
The ACRF Translational Research Laboratory is a team of clinicians and laboratory scientists working together to improve the treatment of patients diagnosed with blood cancers
Strong communications skills, able to convey complex messages in a simple and effective manner coupled with the ability to be highly organised and able to prioritise and multi-task
Business Intelligence solutions utilising Power BI and others such as Qlik and Tableau,
Career development and job opportunities
Experience in development, governance & administration of PowerBI service
The Data Analyst role is a key enabler for the team where your specialist skills in data management and analysis will be utilised to continuously improve processes and allow for effective decision making.
If this sounds like the role for you then we would love to hear from you!
On 1 March 2021, Ascender was acquired by Ceridian, a global leader in human capital management technology that provides human resources, payroll, benefits, workforce management, and talent management functionality.
With the acquisition of Ascender, Ceridian now serves a combined 1,500 customers and 2.5 million employees across 30 countries in the APJ region.
Partnering with the business to promote self-serve reporting and data literacy using Power BI
We support our colleagues to be their best by offering a wide range of educational, financial, lifestyle, health & wellbeing benefits.
For more information please visit here.  
Global organisation offering long term development and potential career opportunities. 
Be recognised for your contribution and go home knowing you
’ve helped the world progress.
Bring a team player mindset as we are a small but nimble team who work closely across functional teams
High computer literacy in Microsoft Office, with familiarity in AutoDock, Python Molecular Viewer and CellPACK, or other computational structural biology software
Significant exposure to release/testing/change management workflows
Please note: For this position, you are not required to address each of the key selection criteria in a separate written document.
Downer Rail and Transit Systems (RTS) is looking for a Data Scientist to be key member of the Data & Analytics team which covers both business intelligence (BI) and data science work.
This role requires a candidate that can apply commercial thinking to understand how data engineering can influence and support the business decision makers.
Diversity and inclusion sit at the heart of the Liebherr Group’s
Core Values.  
We are committed to building a workforce that is representative of the communities in which we live, work and operate.  
Our culture thrives on mutual respect, teamwork and diversity of thought in the workplace
Organised, accurate, innovative & highly motivated with close attention to detail.
Deliver training and support to end-users on self-service BI tools to increase the information and analytics maturity across the organisation
Demonstrated experience in developing appropriate test/validation plans for dashboards and reports, as well as coordinating and facilitating testing
Guiding the interpretation and communication of results of data analysis, making recommendations to stakeholders of varying levels of data literacy.
As a globally trusted leader of fully integrated environment, health and safety solutions we drive the creation of safer, smarter, and sustainable workplaces.
Our cloud-based software and mobile-capable solutions are standard across high-risk and complex operations including mining, utilities, oil & gas and government sectors, with over 240 enterprise clients and up to 1million licensed users to date. 
Please note unsolicited resumes from employment agencies or other third parties will not be considered.
Take a lead in defining our marketing metrics to prove our impact
Design and development of efficient queries, stored procedure and functions for reporting
Access our training and development to build on your current skills
Design and development of data models, develop and perform ETL’s to meet business requirements
Previous knowledge of PowerBI, Excel, R and/or Python and, more generally, of the broader MS Office suite;
However we will be reviewing applications as they are received and scheduling interviews for suitable candidates as soon as possible.  
We therefore reserve the right to close the ad earlier. 
Ongoing career development and training
As part of the Wesfarmers Industrial and Safety group, Blackwoods is Australia’s leading supplier of industrial and safety products with over 140 years’ experience delivering end-to-end specialist solutions across a multitude of industry segments.
We believe in providing outstanding service to our customers through our passionate teams, on time delivery and quality products.
Practical experience in Databricks Spark (SQL/Python)
Ideally, you will have:
Career development
Synergy’s focus is the health, safety and wellbeing of our people and the environment in which we operate.
You’ll find our core values of innovation, collaboration, accountability, and trust are integrated into the culture of every team and the way we do business with our customers, our people and our suppliers.
Building tomorrow’s energy future is a big job, and it’s why we only look for the very best people to join us.
Ability to obtain and/or maintain an NV1 Security Clearance
As part of this team, you will be an integral part of our product delivery and, as a result, will gain valuable insight into how our product is used within the industry and be tasked with identifying and designing new features and functions to resolve challenging client requirements.
Be able to demonstrate knowledge of data modelling fundamentals.
You must be an Australian citizen or PR to be considered.
We are proudly Australian owned and ASX listed, with over 170 stores across Australia and New Zealand (and still growing) and a large online business, we believe in rewarding positive results and are a company that value passion, collaboration and persistence.
The Australian newspaper - ranked our ANZ business as the 20th most profitable enterprise in Australia, measured by return on shareholder funds.
Accuracy and attention to detail
Location: Western Sydney - Parking Onsite Salary Package: Up to $200k Package Role Highlights:
Career defining role for a passionate and technically strong Business Intelligence Manager to lead the Reporting and Insights function of a global retail business.
Drive a technological transformation, develop a high-performing team and create your legacy.   
Role OverviewReporting to the Business Intelligence Director, the Business Intelligence Manager will lead a team of developers and analysts to drive a best-in-class reporting framework.
You will the lead the technical advancement of this process, integrating first-class automation and streamline data practices across the entire BI reporting landscape.
This Business Intelligence Manager will partner with multiple divisions across the business including supply chain, IT, marketing and sales.  
You will leverage your technical and relational proficiencies in equal measures; harnessing your technical expertise and collaborative leadership to guide others towards a vision of a consolidated, unified and best-in-class BI reporting landscape.
Job Responsibilities
Commitment to our supportive and diverse culture
Analyse and help investigate issues with the large variety of customer data and third party APIs that Lexer deals with.
Do you see yourself in this role?
If so, then we would love to hear from you.
Please include a cover letter outlining how your experience, aspirations and values are a match, along with your resume and we will take it from there
Who Are We?
Demonstrated capacity to effectively communicate technical, architectural and business problems, propose iterative solutions and troubleshoot infrastructure issues
Engage with the stakeholders to identify and define complex data-led problems -  conducting analysis, discovering root causes and providing actionable insights for decision makers;
Who are Auto & General:Auto & General is the Australian arm of a private global group with 8,000 employees across 31 offices and over 8.9 million customers worldwide. 
In Australia, Auto & General launched in 2000 and has grown to provide industry-leading motor, home and travel insurance products both directly through Budget Direct and via industry leading partnerships.  
With an Australian team of 1400+ we are now looking for talented individuals who can help drive our ambitious growth plans.
Our Benefits:
This exciting role will see you help develop new and/or improve high quality products, supporting the overall technical objectives of the business in accordance with all company policies, principles and procedures.
You will collaborate with our sales, marketing and procurement departments ensuring we deliver overall product quality.
Experience working in Agile and DevOps environment, fostering a culture of inclusion, collaboration and innovation.
Act as a consultant between the customer and technical groups to determine requirements and translate into technical requirement to direct the build of the reports
Demonstrable experience of working in a commercial environment for at least 1 year
Well-developed SQL data analytics and/or engineering skills;
Our Mission to be Bold and Impactful
You will receive excellent training and be in the laboratory, working with the team to establish and optimize protein purification and protein characterisation techniques.
Design, implementation and support of data management systems to meet identified Thales Australia and Thales Global needs
You will have experience working with large data sets and have expertise in one or more programming languages.
A tertiary degree in data science, mathematics, computer science, engineering or a related discipline is desirable. 
Experience in econometric analysis and foresight
Surfacing data for analytical consumption and commercial decision making;
Jetstar is alive with a sense of adventure.
Day in and day out, our teams search for new places to fly, new ways to add value and new ideas to improve performance.
If you love the road less travelled, you’ll love working here because ours is a team who innovate every day, thrive on delivery, support each other and celebrate our successes.
You’ll be supported to challenge, anticipate and explore while you work will connect people and enrich lives.
We encourage diversity and aim to create an environment where our employees feel valued, respected and enabled.
If you feel you possess the relevant skills to the above, apply now with most updated CV!   
Tertiary qualification in data science, statistics, mathematics, computer science, machine learning or similar
● Passionate about our Customers and Woolworths Purpose 
 New Aim is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, and we welcome all applications and screen them without attention to race, age, beliefs, sex, orientation, gender identity and disability.
Previous exposure to SAP data management systems would be advantageous, especially within Defence related works
Support production deployments and conduct handover activities to BAU support.
Fantastic opportunity to join a market leader in the water industry
Excellent troubleshooting skills for identifying and resolving ETL issues
Competent in using Tableau desktop and being able to create dashboards with minimal oversight.
Work with the Product Owner to understand the priorities and OKRs for the quarter and gather detailed requirements from the initiative owners or program sponsor as per the Epics planned to be delivered in the quarter.
Accurate preparation and delivery of all identified reports/analysis and ad-hoc reports to key-stakeholders within agreed timeframes.
Great daily rate!
Working knowledge of Python
Demonstrated experience developing streaming data pipelines or applications
Countless opportunities for education and development including mentoring, access to Unilever’s learning Hub, access to Dermalogica’s Post-Graduate Education, and LinkedIn Learning 
Drives software features that increase business efficiency and customer experience.
Support the Social Procurement Senior Advisor in analysing individual key subcontractor / supplier SPI performance / compliance
Values driven culture
The result is a 28 month, fixed-term contract to start your new career as a data consultant
Proficient in systems such as IBM Cognos, EDW, Tableau, Excel, SQL, Alteryx
Closing date:  
Wednesday 15th December @ 11:55pm
Promote and champion Data Engineering way of working via continuous build, continuous integration and continuous delivery
Data Science Branch is committed to high standards or integrity and ethical responsibility.
We are leading efforts to improve accountability and transparency throughout the lifecycle of our analytic capabilities.
This includes taking active measures to assess and counteract analytic bias within artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) capabilities, ensuring high standards of integrity, and using data ethical and responsible manner.
Applications through recruitment agencies will not be accepted at this time
Strong attention to detail with a focus on quality, and sound organisational skills
Casual dress code
Undertake detailed analysis to provide insight to business performance
Experience participating in scrum-based agile teams
AWS RDS (usage at an application level)
A genuine interest in working within a research laboratory.
Ability to work under tight deadline
We started from a PowerPoint and a bold vision to make a difference in Australian business banking.
Now in a few short years, we have grown to over 300 people (and counting), with offices in each state and are profitable – one of the fastest new banks anywhere in the world to be so.
We have lent over $3.5b to support SME business customers and have over $2.4b in customer deposits.
We’re here to support Australian SMEs with a business built on trusted relationships, both with our customers and our fellow team members.
Demonstrated expertise in scientific software development, particularly in the Python language, including development, maintenance and documentation
Support team
Considering what the next step is in your career?
If you’re looking for a role with a well-established firm that offers great benefits, apply now via SEEK with your CV and cover letter detailing your experience.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite Preferred
What’s on offer?
Technical and solutions architecture expertise
Global leader in medical research, discovery and innovation
Observe all data integrity governance processes to ensure segregation of duties are observed
Advanced knowledge of database and business intelligence concepts and tools.
Able to write serviceable code (Python, Go, C++)  and comfortable working with and around a professional software development team
Strong knowledge of Python and SQL
Advanced SQL and software development in languages such as Python, Scala, Java, TSQL, PL/SQL to name a few.
To change your lifestyle, grow your career and make a real impact, please forward your CV to Jobs@QualityPeople.com.au 
Employee insurance cover
Managing a team of, Data Analysts, Data Scientists, and Data Engineers in this role you will be responsible for driving the data and analytics strategy for Yarra Valley Water.
It is important that you have/ or can demonstrate:
Plus more! 
         Proven ability to work in a team environment, adapt and react to change;
My client is searching for a Technical Business Analyst with strong Excel and VBA skills to assist with a data improvement program.
Exposure to Data Governance and Master Data Management.
Your dream job:
An Australian citizen; and
Extensible and rules-driven data transformation pipelines in the cloud, implementing business logic using a mix of technical skills including scripting, YAML, python, and 
Tailored career development planning
Be part of a highly technical team
Get the value of working with a great company without working for a big company (not just yet anyway!)
Next steps
Collaborate with Senior Data scientist on design, build and maintain predictive models at varying levels of use cases, complexity, and business areas.
Working Rights
Your duties & responsibilities
Onboard new clients via engineering, analysis, and data science
Employment conditions
Exposure to Machine Learning in cloud computing environments
Extensive hands-on experience using AWS cloud platform.
A detail-oriented analyst and data storyteller with a customer-centric approach and outstanding stakeholder management skills
You will have deep industry experience in banking, Fintech, or highly regulated markets.
Responsibilities:
Support to the design and conduct of stability studies.
Flexible WFM
Key skills development e.g. stakeholder management, communication, fundamental programming in SQL, UNIX and Java.
An understanding of data warehousing theory and practices (gained within internship/university setting is fine)
 Senior Railway Data Analyst
Experience developing ETL/ELT processes for data movement and transformation.
- 30%
Demonstrated leadership experience
Creative problem solving with developers and key stakeholders to improve and enhance the solution's capability
Please apply online by clicking on the "Apply" bottom.        
A beautiful office location in the CBD of Newcastle
Experience working a lead position where you have been required to deliver workflow and performance management, technical training and profesional development, thought leadership and driving best practice in application innovation and delivery.  
What do you think your first 3 and 12 months will look like in this new role?
What do you think will be some of your contributions?
• Understand the importance of continuous integration and continuous deployment
(CICD)• Experience using Git source control• Understanding of containerisation technologies (Docker, AWS ECS).
Experience containerising applications isa bonus.• Able to mentally visualise and process class-level design and interaction•
Some experience with infrastructure as code and automation technologies such as CloudFormation, Ansible,etc.• Experience with AWS services (EMR, S3, ECR, ECS, etc).
IBM Cloud would be a bonus.•
Some experience programming in one or more languages: Python, Bash, Scala, Java
Permanent Opportunity Competitive Salary
Salary Packaging, Social Club, Discounted Health Insurance, Gym Membership discounts
Demonstrate results not excuses, with the can do attitude towards your work
Analyse and monitor all aspects of marketing campaign performance 
Troubleshoot and resolve production issues
We like people who challenge the status quo and are not afraid of change
Covid-19Chartered
Accountants ANZ is taking practical action to ensure the safety, health and wellbeing of our people, members, guests, suppliers, and contractors by following COVID Safety Management Plan.
Our current flexible work involves work from home options, which is currently at least 2 days in the office for team interaction and 3 days working from home (WFH). 
Developing reporting solutions to inform program management on key performance indicators (KPIs)
About La Trobe
As a profit for purpose organisation, Bellberry has a long-term philanthropic programme to deliver initiatives and grants that deliver on its dual objectives.  
These philanthropic programmes are broadly themed: People (eg scholarships and fellowships), Projects (eg grant funding) and Direct-Action initiatives (eg PRAXIS Australia and CT:IQ).
Essential
A natural self-motivator who requires minimal guidance or supervision/works independently with a positive can-do attitude.
Strong mathematical and statistical faculty
Financial Services or Insurance industry experience very highly regarded.
Servian, is an award winning, regional and global tech consultancy with a rich heritage in Data, DevOps, Digital app dev, Machine Learning and cloud.
We embrace innovation, change, and the positive impact it has for us and our clients.
All roles at Servian involve personal and technical development pathways which aim to facilitate your career growth.
We aim to build an employee experience where you will grow more with us, not be drowned out by the loudest voice, and hence we strive to set you up for a career which will have a greater impact.
Continuously improve the performance and quality of the ecosystem
Support payment integrity outcomes in the early childhood and child care program through data analysis, staff training and development of resources (like task cards and user guides).
Minimum 3 - 5 years' experience in a business analytical role, preferably in a complex program/project environment working in cross-functional (and virtual)
Join us as we embark on one of our most game-changing ambitions yet!
Desirable: experience in biophysical analysis of proteins including SDS-PAGE, DLS and SEC methods.
BA or BS in Marketing, Economics, Business, or related fields
Our strategy puts our customers at the centre of our ambition to be Australia’s leading and most trusted life insurer.
It is through the commitment, energy and talent of everyone at MLC Life Insurance, working together, that we make a positive contribution to the lives of our customers.
To support all of us to be at their best every day, we offer a flexible work environment centred on development, wellbeing, recognition and contribution. 
Send your CV to huntwithus@painteddogresearch.com   
Employment with Uniting is subject to satisfactory background checks which may include a national Police check, working with children check, working with vulnerable people check and reference checks.
Previous experience in data management and analysis
In return for your skills, effort and enthusiastic commitment you will have the opportunity to work for an Australian leader in the field of Health, Education and Research and work with a team who make a real difference to the lives of our patients, consumers and community plus:
We do this by providing data, software and services that deliver an enriched customer view and all the tools required to genuinely understand and engage with customers at every stage of their journey, online and offline.
With extensive, cross-functional experience in retail, technology, and advertising, our team has the talent and insight to build innovative products and provide exceptional service with a human touch.
Data engineering experience including data modelling, operational databases, analytics databases, warehouse design, relational and non-relational design and implementation
Let's talk about what's in it for you!
Independently Design and build/configure Big data pipelines as per the design
Undertake a lead role in proactive troubleshooting problems and outages on the analytic platforms
Summer hours
The ability to work within cross-functional teams with technical experts in areas such as medical device engineering, quality management, preclinical testing and regulatory.
This is a challenging role and we will expect great results from the successful applicants.  
In return you will get to be part of a smart, driven, high performing team with real opportunities for you to make your mark and build your career within a great organisation in an exciting industry.
Highly respected team with opportunities to drive change across the organization.
Practices attentive and active listening; has the patience to hear people out; can accurately restate the opinions of others even when he/she disagrees.
Listens and checks before acting.
Answer the pre-screening question below (400 words per question)
The Marketing Performance Management team is responsible for enabling the Marketing business through innovative tools and techniques to measure and effectively leverage data to drive marketing performance.
Experience with big data tools (like Hive, Spark, Presto) and Hadoop ecosystem
Spark
Data Governance experience including Master Data Management (MDM) and Data Quality tools and processes is desirable
Assist with data informed risk profiling to support compliance monitoring activities
Work with the business, external stakeholders and technology team members in delivering detailed and high-quality specifications.
Dimensional Modelling; ETL and Data Modelling
Great communication skills, both written and verbal
Excellent skills with Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint).
Present findings to internal stakeholders while articulating key insights
An attractive hourly rate contract.
Extracting and transforming data to support high-frequency, high granular data flows
•           
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Build and sustain a deep applied understanding of business strategy and operations within a particular domain/business area of Auto & General, translating this into a strong understanding of data, systems and decision-making processes;
In the context of COVID-19, the University is required to comply with various health directions issued from time to time by the Chief Health Officer.
Further information concerning vaccination requirements and the obligations on Monash University to collect, record and hold vaccination information about employees is available at the Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) Victoria, please select COVID-19 Mandatory Vaccination (Workers) Directions.
This is your opportunity to find a life-giving purpose As an organisation our purpose is simple: to give life.
It’s at the centre of everything we do.
As part of the Lifeblood team, you’ll have the opportunity to contribute to this life-giving purpose and grow your career.
We’re committed to ensuring you have the ability to innovate, learn new skills, and embrace new challenges –
all while making a difference in the lives of countless others.  
Competence in data analysis, writing documents and reporting data
Experience with tooling also from other database vendors is preferred
Ability to work autonomously
Knowledge of ETL development and data governance principles desirable
Solid experience with AWS - namely IAM, S3, Lambda, CloudFormation, Kinesis (or Kafka), Glue (Spark), SQS, AWS CLI
Collaborate and connect with stakeholders from across lines of business to elicit requirements and translate them to data design artifacts. 
AWS, Kafka
Exposure to working in a high paced commercial enterprise, retail experience and knowledge is highly desirable
The cloud transformation journey we are in, focuses on democratising and streamlining sharing of data across team and will enable teams to operate more efficiently, provide better insights, and scale with the exponential growth of data.
Experience working with SQL, Python and Git
#SCR-johnson-do
Core Responsibilities:
6.
Consultative communication skills and stakeholder management skills.
Strong Excel Skillset (Macros/VBA)
Challenge yourself to be a key part of defining, championing and advancing our NextGen Cloud Native Data ecosystem
Participate in multiple full life cycle enterprise information management projects and implement experience of data warehousing or data marts
Taking the lead in a team of highly skilled Phd Data Scientists with   responsibility for workflow and performance management, technical training and professional development, thought leadership and driving best practice in application innovation and delivery.  
  What you'll get in return
About SEEKSEEK’s portfolio of diverse businesses make a positive impact on a truly global scale.
Our purpose is to help people live more fulfilling and productive working lives and help organisations succeed. 
We create world-class technology solutions to connect more people to relevant employment, education, small business and volunteer opportunities.  
We have a culture of high-performance in our workplaces and celebrate the diversity of our employees who contribute to the success of our organisation.  
Our Culture At SEEK we really value our culture and the way we work together to get stuff done. 
You will work amongst a group of hard-working, fun and caring people who will support you to have a successful and fulfilling career at SEEK. 
Our people are what make SEEK the company
it is today and
our dedication to fostering a work environment where people feel like they're making a difference every single day has meant people like to come here – and we're proud of that! 
Demonstrated experience as a BA within a data-driven context (i.e. understand data flows, built models, etc)
Advanced working SQL and software development (preferably Python) knowledge and experience
Demonstrated experience in Time Series  Forecasting, PCA, clustering, regression and classification
The main duty for this position is working with small and medium animal models of cancer and other diseases.
Experience in this field is essential.
Strong stakeholder management 
The role in a nutshell:
Snapshot of the role;
Provide support across all value types and engage with automotive industry
Flexible and inclusive work environment
Deep understanding of data manipulation/wrangling techniques
The Person
Present research plans and data;
Key Accountabilities
Responsible for supporting the identification, prioritisation, scoping and development of data science solutions that address priority business needs
Looking for experienced R programming specialists
up to 12 weeks paid parental leave;
Transform analytical output into actionable and results-oriented insights
Strong career progression and succession opportunities into more senior strategy positions or other business roles across Woolworths Group
Experience in the analysis and presentation complex statistical data.
Business requirements/gap analysis and documentation, process mapping/workflow diagrams, workshop facilitation.
Help shape and deliver a data management and analytics roadmap to improve and enhance the value and re-usability of data
Exposure to the latest tools and technology and the opportunity to work with a variety of tier one clients
Proficiency explaining how a machine learning model works to non-data scientists.
Our people strategy focuses on balanced leadership, values diverse backgrounds and fosters a culture of inclusion. 
         An individual learning and development budget to help you grow
About Our Opportunity:
2+ years of data analytics experience (After internship)
Some experience working with data lifecycle including but not limited to data ingestion (SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle, or equivalent), Extract-Transform-Load (Azure Data Factory, Python, Airflow, or equivalent), data storage & joining, management of data projects (Kubeflow, GitHub, Jira & Confluence, or equivalent), and data quality / integrity checks
A high academic qualification (Masters or Phd) in a highly relevant discipline Computer Science, Data Science, Statistics, Engineering etc. 
Key responsibilities - Estimating, managing, and delivering individual BA workstreams and deliverables-
Using BA expertise to provide solutions for Business requirements by reviewing and determining key requirements of APRA- Interrogating Bank Data warehouse and identifying required data attributes to meet APAR reporting requirements - Operating as the BA SME across AMPA’s delivery methodology with specific focus on data and reporting-
Assisting the Data & Reporting team on reporting as required- Supporting Senior Managers Reporting and Data Quality / Data Governance on key stakeholder engagement activities
ROAMES is a Virtual World Asset Management System through which infrastructure managers can remotely investigate and monitor the condition and performance of their network.
ROAMES combines pioneering geospatial mapping techniques with commoditized cloud computing, sophisticated deep learning computer algorithms and cutting-edge next generation data acquisition platforms to deliver a complete and accurate 3D virtual model of infrastructure networks and whole cities.
Strong interpersonal skills 
Undertake detailed analysis to provide insight on business performance and recommendation to improve outcomes
Experience working with ETL pipelines
Be part of a thriving hands-on, collaborative and highly technical Data and AI squad.
Experience in streaming data processing using spark streaming or Kafka is required
Grow engagement through paid campaigns across key platforms:
Google Search, Display and YouTube. 
Generating insights, identifying key and emerging trends and issues relating to delivering Insurance strategy and underpinning capabilities
We are currently seeking a Part Time (0.6 EFT)
Research and Data Support Assistant for a 12 month fixed-term position with the Solving Unknown Primary cancER (SUPER) study at Peter Mac.
To apply for this position please lodge an application online before Applications close 11.55 pm (AEST) Thursday 09 December, 2021.
Reward and Recognition Program 'Shining Stars'
Desire to undertake field training to participate in fieldwork as required.
3-5 years of experience in a business/data/technical analyst role in energy or resources industry
Click on the "Apply Now" button with a cover letter addressing the selection criteria above AND a detailed resume.
ICT Infrastructure and Cloud Services
strong stakeholder management skills and the ability to maintain good working relationships
IMMEDIATE - BI Business Analyst - AUD 825 (incl.
super) - 6 - 8 months
(extensions)
- NSW Government Project
Key focus on pricing and profitability
Your professional profile will consist of the following: -
Have an understanding of quality systems with previous experience in writing of validation reports
Exceptional stakeholder engagement and communication skills
This position is a full-time fixed-term for one year.
Demonstrated experience with Microsoft database and development platforms.
At AGL, we believe progress is powered by our people.
Experience with in vitro assays to understand the mechanism of action of novel drugs for the treatment of respiratory disease, such as lung histology, lavage, flow cytometry;
Skills and Experience
What you’ll need to succeed
We use Kubernetes
As a key member of our Digital, Robotics and Automation team, you will:
Confidence performing a range of technical processes and be familiar with a range of scientific software packages 
The Orthopaedic Department is seeking experienced Research Assistants for full time and part time positions for a 12 month collaborative research project with Victoria University.  
The ideal candidate will have experience in data collection and working in a research environment.  
We are seeking someone who likes to work as part of a team and is familiar with research protocols.
Supporting in conveying key data messages, through appropriate data visualisation techniques and methods.
Must be Syd based - no remote option 
Our services are in the areas of aged care and disability, community services, and chaplaincy and we get involved in social justice and advocacy issues that impact the people we serve.  
We commit to respecting children and take action to keep them safe. 
Presenting outcomes from analyses in relevant forums and seeking approval and guidance from the manager and senior management
3-4+ years performing similar duties as outlined above.
You’ll enjoy engaging within the full lifecycle of highly scalable data management systems
Coordinating and performing quality assurance and data validation activities.
10 days a month working from home
Working at Catch, you'll experience:
Liaising with clients and our customer success team to manage data import projects
holds a 50% interest in ActewAGL Distribution which owns over $1.4b of electricity and gas distributions networks; and
About the Role 
Deliver outcomes for our Members
Salary packaging, including salary sacrifice arrangements
Your skillset
Demonstrated experience in managing incidents and deployment releases using Azure DevOps.
Building productive relationships with a range of internal and external stakeholders
Up to $700 in electricity reimbursements each year  
Run regular reporting that is timely, relevant, useful and accurate
We are Australia's largest superannuation fund, here to help members achieve their best possible retirement outcome.
Working with a wide range of stakeholders, we create meaningful value for members and our communities through our diverse workforce of highly competent and highly motivated employees.
As the Senior Data Analyst, you will be responsible for but not limited to the following:
Preferred candidates are subject to a pre-employment medical and a urine based drug test.
Desirable Experience
You are someone who wants to be part of a team that is ambitious to grow a business that makes a difference.
You build relationships and manage multiple stakeholders with ease.
You are proactive in your approach and like to challenge the status quo.
identifying and supporting fit-for-purpose digital solutions.
The Senior Data Engineer’s role is to provide technical leadership on a significant data integration program utilising their extensive experience in building data assets with a data integration toolset.
The role will include data analysis, design, modelling, development, maintenance & ongoing support to ensure that the quality of the solution and artefacts meet Suncorp’s defined technology needs. 
Strong knowledge share and commitment to professional documentation
Exposure to latest technology stacks
High-level expertise in data engineering, data science and business intelligence deployment
Inclusive and friendly culture in a progressive sector enabled by technology.
C-Res was established in 2012 and delivers Local Buying Program and administers the Local Buying Foundation through a strategic partnership with BHP.
WEHI's commitment to Indigenous employment
Proven track record in developing and delivering best practice data science solutions, solving analytical problems holistically through quant approaches, with a pragmatic approach to technology
Reporting to the Portfolio Governance and Analysis Lead, you will be part of the team responsible for the development and management of key portfolio artefacts such as the Investment Submissions (five point business case), Portfolio Delivery Plan; portfolio risks and benefits identification/measures/registers; portfolio performance report; together with the development and management of a number of other key portfolio reports and plans.
We are looking for a strong communicator who will be involved in all aspects of portfolio performance and the monitoring of the Enterprise Investment Plan.
 What you need to do now  
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call Luke on 0292492289 now.
If this job isn't quite right for you
but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.  
SA Licence number : LHS 297508
Degree in a quantitative discipline; postgraduate qualifications in Data Science or similar will be highly regarded.
Bachelor or Master’s Degree in quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.)
or equivalent.
We are looking for an individual with a strong programming stack that has knowledge of applying operations research to model utility functions, a deep understanding of decision theory for organizational workflow, as well as previous experience tailoring a Business Process Management pipeline.
Sourcing, transforming, and integrating employee data from source systems
Help refine our unique customer segments
You will align team goals and cadence to support Sonder’s strategic vision
Apply
$130,000 + super + bonus
Who we are:
Have knowledge of security best practices and oversight of database coding
Create Spark (using Scala or Python
) jobs for data transformation and aggregation
Sharing operational support duties (including. incident response, CI/CD, Monitoring/Alerting, database and system administration)
Globally supported Sustainability and Diversity Programs (because we care about our people and the environments we operate in)
Rabobank is not accepting submissions from recruitment agencies for this role.
Min 4 years of experience in data engineering
Your key responsibilities include:
Excellent communication and team management skills
An awareness of relevant data and ML engineering concepts (e.g. database management, processing pipelines, and model deployment)
Work closely with key stakeholders in developing and creating data visualizations to present complex analytics
To be successful in this role, you will have the following criteria:
Basic computer skills and ability to accurately record data, results and the development of new methods and theories.
Corporate wellbeing programs, including the Fitness Passport
You will have access to a wide variety of opportunities for contracts, permanent, non-ongoing and section 26 transfers to our government, consulting and private sector clients.
This also includes exclusive roles that are not available anywhere else in the market.
Manage and automate the data and process flow between database systems and the business. 
About Cognizant
Cloud & Technology - Cloud Services (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform), DevOps, and Automation inc HashiCorp.
Supporting data mapping and interoperability to enable efficient data integration and relevant migration to new platforms.
and much more...
Work for an organization passionate about providing high quality support and care
Experience in data analytics, business intelligence and modeling
This position will assist in the design and build of our clients centralised Data Platform and Business Intelligence capabilities to enable access to relevant information by business users, managers and decision makers in a straightforward, user friendly way to support achievement of organisational activities, objectives and KPIs.

Our Purpose
Individual Learning and Development budget for all!
Sydney CBD
Excellent organisational and time management skills. 
Our Federal Government client is looking to recruit a Forensic Accountant for a 12-month contract period.
Experience using Power Bi
Familiarity with MS Git repositories
Generous parental leave
Ability to innovate in a company that not only encourages it but will facilitate it
Postgraduate qualifications and extensive relevant experience in Data Science,
Delivering on ad hoc reporting and analysis requests to various business users, including delivery of assigned deep dives into insights as required
Wellness offering
What we're looking for:
Excellent problem solving, analytical and research skills, with a strong attention to detail
A decision-maker, passionate about making a difference and finding a solution
Employer superannuation contributions of 15.4 per cent;
If the above role interests you please Apply at jbarve@talentstreet.com.au (along with updated resume)
Collaborating and delivering findings and recommendations with multiple levels of stakeholders
Engineer, maintain and upgrade existing Database, DWH and lake technologies. 
Implementing solutions for the establishment of data management capabilities including data models and structures, database and data storage infrastructure, master and metadata management, data quality, data integration, data warehousing, data transformation, data analysis, and data governance
But, why LAB3?
______________________________________________________________
SAFE Agile experience 
Experience with Cloud Technologies such as Azure Data Factory, Power BI, Databricks / Snowflake and other data warehousing products (highly regarded if you have more than one expertise)
Full time, fixed term 3 years
Familiar with agile working practices, DevOps, and CI/CD principles
And, the Tech:
Centrally located office, close to south Melbourne market, for when we return to work
We value our employee’s experience with us and are proud to have been recognised for the following awards:
Tertiary degree qualification in software engineering or a related technical discipline is required
Friendly Team Culture
: We are a culture focused company who enjoys many social events throughout the year!
Developing reporting and data analytics solutions, tools, and APIs
Recruitment agencies please note that this position will be managed via our in-house Talent Acquisition Team. 
Bayer does not accept any unsolicited resumes.
Sidekicker is one of Australia’s most exciting home-grown startups!
Participating in estimation sessions by describing the requirements and clarifying any questions raised;
Compile an inventory of Data Governance Stakeholders for each Business Domain
How to Apply?
Demonstrated talent for solving problems proactively and creatively, result oriented
Experience:  
Mid level (3-4 years) 
Be involved in the development of self healing automation

Monitor large-scale, distributed computing systems across multiple production hybrid cloud environments
Provide performance tuning recommendations for data platform services and applications

How to Apply:
Conceptualize, design and prototype first-in-class or best-in-class analyte capture technologies
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture
Extensive experience using digital analytics platforms, including Google Analytics
You will have experience delivering data solutions on Cloud technologies, preferably GCP or AWS.  
Including experience with deployment of data workloads using CI/CD tooling (Gitlab, Terraform or Ansible).
Demonstrated ability to translate business problems into numerical ones and develop analytical solutions or insights 
Experience at working in Agile development teams, specifically SCRUM and knowledge of machine learning, artificial intelligence and advanced analytics.
Career growth and succession opportunities across the business.
High integrity, respecting highest standards of data privacy and data protection when dealing with sensitive, confidential, and personal information
Data Analyst is responsibilities include:
Coaching and support from an experienced leader who has worked on business improvement in a broad range/well-known industries
Please note: In accordance with the Victorian Government’s COVID-19 Mandatory Vaccination (Workers) Direction, DuluxGroup is required to collect, record and hold for select workers scheduled to perform work outside their ordinary place of residence from 11:59PM on 15 October 2021.
This means, during the course of the recruitment process, you may be asked to provide evidence of a COVID-19 vaccination. 
*Demerger subject to shareholder, court, regulatory and other approvals.
Company names are holding names only.
Energetic and diverse international environment, with offices located worldwide
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with outstanding attention to detail
Passionate about new technology, data and data driven insights
A conduit between banker and operations
What you'll bring to the table:
Multiple ERP integration to Dynamics365
Values IT and digital as a true strategic innovator and critical part of their overall service delivery;
Work collaboratively with team members to develop innovative policies, programs and documentation in accordance with legislative and related business reforms.
Strong stakeholder engagement skills with the ability to negotiate and influence.
Career Progression & Team Member discounts
FinXL IT Professional Services is an established, innovative Australian company, providing technology enabled business solutions and consulting services across a number of industries.
These include; Government, Telecommunications, Commercial and Finance.
We currently have more than 1200 consultants assisting our clients across Australia and are continuing to grow at a rapid pace.
Through the delivery of services and implementation of new systems, processes and technology, we assist our clients to gain competitive advantage and reach new heights.
Build data pipelines and integrations for the analytics and use of multiple and varied data sources
Work closely with our Technology partners to implement best in class practices for Customer Modelling, with a focus on ML methodologies to build and deploy explainable and robust models.
Develop solution prototypes and deliver CRP (Conference Room Pilot) sessions.
Accrued Days Off in addition to Annual Leave
Been involved in moving data from legacy to cloud databases
Excellent verbal and written communication skills across all levels from technical resources through to executive management.
Advanced proficiency with MS Office including VBA
Minimum 3 years of experience within a Data Role.
Work from home flexibility
Senior Data Scientist
Closing Date: 10 January 2022, 11:59 PM
Experience with Terraform, Ansible, Docker Kubernetes, Databricks, Artifactory, CI/CD, Productivity applications - Git, Jira, Confluence
Strong attention to detail both quality and accuracy.
Experience with open source data integration tools and a strong project delivery toolset
A strong engineering background (i.e. foundation of data pipeline engineering, BI, Big Data engineering, relational data warehousing)
Planning and deploying systems in a high availability architecture, utilising DevOps and Agile principles and practices.
A passion for building relationships, with strong written and oral communication skills to build effective relationships with stakeholders at all levels of the organisation
You have proven ability to analyse complex data and develop innovative, business-focused reporting and analysis.
You are a strong communicator with the ability to influence at a senior stakeholder level and tell the story within the data.
Culture of continuous improvement
For more information, apply now for a confidential discussion.
Data science, actuarial science, mathematics or computer science qualification (or relevant experience);
Script and build technologies (Unix, Linux, C Script etc)
An additional week of paid leave each year
We are a high growth SME scaling rapidly in Australia and experiencing market pull internationally.
Qualifications 
 Senior Business Data and Visualisation Analyst
You’ll also have first-hand knowledge and experience of AWS Analytics, Python software development and Power BI.
If you’ve experience with Azure, that’d be great.
Should you require any specific support or adjustments please talk to us
and we will be happy to accommodate.
Proven understanding of geospatial and statistical concepts and their application in the urban, regional and/or social sciences.
Confidently managing complex delivery CI/CD pipelines
You will have strong experience in interpreting data and deriving actionable insights to make recommendations for commercial strategies.
You are a critical thinker who is able to adapt to new situations, and know-how to maximise value even with limited information and inputs.
Experience in commercial or retail is beneficial, but not strictly required.
As an inclusive, team-first company, our people are at the core of everything we do.  
Development of detailed ETL specs for developing data integrations
One of Sydney's leading financial institutions is looking for an Analyst to work with their central Advanced Analytics and Data Science teams.
This team is specially tasked to solve the bank's most critical and strategic business problems.
Financial stability | annual reviews | service & manager rewards | career progression
Join one of Australia’s (and the world’s)
Best Places to Work since 2014!
Use various software applications, such as spreadsheets, relational databases, email, internet, and statistical packages, to assemble, manipulate and/or format data and/or test reports
Great salary package plus performance bonuses.
Produce complex software program code/scripts to facilitate safe and secure data extraction and analytics
Drive governance and quality of data and analytical models, standards and controls •
Familiar with CRM / Salesforce / SAP
Being a Data Engineering expert, you will be expected to introduce and implement best practice patterns and standards for scalable, extensible and robust data solutions that can adapt to a constantly changing business landscape, allowing the business to recognise and respond to unique business opportunities.
Your Role
purchased additional annual leave
As our ideal candidate, you will have:
Work with data models that require Row Level Security models in place to ensure security of our data
Have the ability to articulate highly technical concepts and insights, in a way that can be understood by stakeholders of varying degrees of technical literacy
In this newly created, pivotal role you will:
Advanced level on data warehousing/
ETL (Matillion ideally but not essential) 
Provide input into the standard data migration processes, tools and templates, ensuring that these are applied and used effectively on assigned work.
Proven commercial experience as a Data Engineer, Software Developer, BI Developer, ETL Developer with proficiency in Python, R and SQL;
Macquarie park based with flex work available
Strong technical disposition for monitoring, observability, and performance management
Has one of Australia's top CIO's who cares a lot about fun, empathy, humility and the wellness and contribution of their team.
They appreciate and value your ambition and contribution.
They get out of your way and give you autonomy to do meaningful work.
You won't have the constraints of micromanagement or red tape;
Appropriate tertiary qualifications.
Provide written response to the 2 (two) target questions as part of the application process
minimisation of harm to our data, and fostering trust with our customers by being compliant
Assisting with requests for information and follow-up of serious cases.
The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimising data systems and building them from the ground up.
You will support our software developers, database architect, and data analysts on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.
You are currently an experienced Analyst with a passion for customer insights who is looking to take on a new challenge that requires expertise in driving and delivering results.
In addition to being technically proficient, you will have the ability to negotiate and influence cross-functional stakeholders. 
SPARK is committed to equal employment opportunity (EEO) and actively seeks to remove barriers people may face in gaining a successful position on the North East Link Central Package.
We value diversity, inclusion and equity through providing a working environment where all employees feel included, valued, and free to bring their different skills, experiences and perspectives.
Defining expert quality data insight solutions.
Demonstrated knowledge and experience in the delivery of pathology services relevant to the laboratory, including use of Laboratory Information Systems, Patient Systems and Quality Control Systems and computer programs such as Microsoft Office suite
Nice to have’s
Communication – translate technical issues into commercial language.
Be able to translate business questions and issues into a technical design as required within the department.
Ability to present ideas to a group of Stakeholders.
Data Cube creation
Bachelor's degree in relevant field
About YouThe ideal candidate is tertiary qualified in software development or engineering oriented discipline with demonstrated excellence in data warehousing and data modelling.
You pride yourself on your programming language skills in python and SQL and using AWS, DBT, Matillion, Snowflake and glue.
As part of your application, you will be required to prepare a response document (minimum 11pt font in MSWord or PDF format), which you will upload in the next section. 
Must have strong SQL skills
Design and implement ETL procedures for intake of data from both internal and outside sources including API calls
Remuneration: $90,774 - $99,561 pa HEW Level 07 (plus 17% employer superannuation)
What's in it for you?This is an exciting opportunity to develop your skills within a growing and progressive business.
This position offers an attractive remuneration package commensurate with qualifications and experience, together with a stable and friendly work environment.
Working in a diverse workforce where you can bring your own capabilities, experiences and knowledge to help build the foundations of Judo.
When applying you will need to attach the following:
If this role and working at TasNetworks is of interest we look forward to hearing from you.
TasNetworks is an Equal Opportunity employer and we encourage applications from all members of the community, including people of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander descent, culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds and mature aged people.
Key responsibilities

· Develop reports and dashboards that meet the needs of the end user by, analysing user needs, accurately identifying information to be provided, ensuring the information provided is insightful and presenting information clearly.


· Ongoing support and maintenance of existing Power BI dashboards, ad hoc analyses and data extracts.
Interpret data, and analyse results using statistical techniques.


· Collate data from various source systems and databases, cleanse, transform and prepare data for Power BI reporting and ad hoc analysis.
Build dashboards and ad hoc reports to synthesise and aggregate data across multiple sources for internal and external stakeholders.


· Apply skills to a range of analytical, diagnostic and problem-solving activities.
Undertake activities for assembling Data Dictionary, Defining Data Standards and Data Model quality analysis.


· Assist in developing and maintaining Data architecture artefacts, including standards, principles, strategies, and road maps.


· Perform tasks such as gathering information, assessing content, organising meetings, stakeholder liaison.


· Lead Data initiatives and improvement projects independently.


· Perform gap analysis assessments of Data models and operations to identify opportunities for data quality improvement.
Identify & investigate data quality issues and define data quality rules and thresholds.


· Conduct demonstrations, user testing, feedback and training sessions.


· Participate in Digital Technology Group governance processes including Digital Design Authority and Change Advisory Boards.


· Other duties within the employee's skill, competence and training.

Qualifications, knowledge and experience

·
Tertiary qualifications in Information Technology or other relevant degree.
Relevant industry certification is desirable, not mandatory


· Knowledge gained through hands-on experience in aspects of BI solution design, build, and deploy, including diagnosis and resolution of operational issues

· Development experience in the Microsoft Business Intelligence Stack (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS) or similar, and hands on experience in dashboards using Power BI


· Capability to apply advanced Data and Analytical technical skills and knowledge in work area.
Has knowledge of common statistical and data modelling techniques.


· Exhibits strong knowledge of Business Intelligence concepts and practices


· Experience with Office 365 and other data, analytic technologies, data visualisation and language and scripting tools

·
Exhibits solid relationship building and influencing skills to mobilise Data and Analytics concepts and actions with stakeholders

· 2 to 3 years of experience in the IT industry with broader understanding of Business Intelligence development practices, solution design, build, test, deploy and operations


· Experience in Agile practices and cloud technologies is desirable, not mandatory

Attributes and skills


Initiative.
Contributes ideas and initiates new ways of working, shows enthusiasm for project work and special assignments and takes ownership of problems, acts on opportunities and devises practical solutions.
Professionalism.
Regulates own behaviour, comprehends organisational structure and culture and acts appropriately in the execution of duties.
Service orientation.
Displays a commitment to delivering quality client service, values the provision of accurate and timely information and relates to people from across the organisation.
Communication skills.
Communicates effectively verbally and in writing, adapting style to suit different audiences.
Integrity.
behaves in an honest and trustworthy manner, treats others fairly and is open about own misjudgements and any conflicts of interest which may be present
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, Power BI, AFO
Needed Technologies and experience:
Delivering high value solutions across multiple data science related projects using a variety of techniques and tools
Our purpose is supported by Our Values of Do What’s
Right, Deliver Together, Make it Simple, Own it and Aim High.
It’s how we work together and behave every day in every interaction with our customers, partners and each other that defines who we are. 
Strong capability to deliver optimised google data studio dashboards, with best-practice visuals, efficiency and stability connected back to source databases.
Experience in Oracle Discoverer, Oracle Forms and Reports, OBIEE, BI Publisher and Tableau
Fulltime employment – based in our North Ryde office.
Must be flexible to travel to our NSW and VIC sites occasionally when required
A dynamic and fast paced environment
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative discipline or graduate degree
Travel discounts and
Experience in ETL and data warehousing 
Supporting product releases
At Aurora, our goal is for every Indigenous student to access the right educational opportunities so they realise their academic potential.
For some, that’s completing Year 12 and for others, that’s a PhD from Harvard.
Support & drive culture of data-driven decision making -
Ability to drive culture change to make an organisation more data-driven.
Comfortable working to deadlines
Technical ownership of development lifecycles - from requirements gathering through to production deployment;
Access to an annual professional development programs
Extract and prepare data from the ‘back end’ databases of key business systems to integrate datasets from multiple sources
The next couple of years and incredibly exciting for us as we embark on some transformational projects that will see is significantly investing in our team, the customer journey, technology and most importantly – understanding our customers.
Undergraduate Degree
Ability to identify and mitigate risks
Bachelor's degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Statistics, Econometrics or a similar related field.
What would make you a good fit for this role?
Inquisitive mindset with a strong commitment to teamwork and collaboration.
Fast learner and excellent troubleshooter
Participate in standups and sprint planning sessions for DnA 
Act as the bridge between our back-end and analysts and work on data cataloguing/management and build/maintain crucial ETL data pipelines
We have partnered with our client to source a Bioanalytical Scientist to join their organisation on a permanent, full-time basis.
Fixed term position, 12 months
Flexibility to work beyond the typical workday as required, evenings, weekends, etc.
Build the data platforms using Python, Spark
The Data Engineer - Cloud will Deliver cloud solutions on Azure leveraging automation for standardisation, repeatability and agility.
- Develop business intelligence applications for data analysis, optimized for the best performance and scalability on Snowflake.
In conjunction with other unit positions, provide expert analysis, service delivery and forecasting advice to facilitate improvement in the delivery of transport infrastructure and services
Wellbeing & Benefits
Experience in designing and conducting quantitative experiments.
Identify core business performance areas
You are willing to learn how to use new technologies such as Informatica IICS and Snowflake to transition from legacy environments into new cloud environments.
You have experience in the Insurance or Financial sector.
·        Work collaboratively in an open, agile environment with flexible working hours and location
Proficiency in Python, SQL and Airflow will be highly regarded
Assisting in the coordination of financial and technical due diligence, including lease reviews and outgoings benchmarking exercises.
Solid hands-on analytics experience and SQL, R programming, Python skills, or willingness to learn.
Develop a partnership with business stakeholders to understand data, needs and provide valuable insights.
Create BI tools including designing and building efficient and scalable data models from multidimensional and relational databases, apply data mining algorithms and create and designing tables.   
If you have the drive, professionalism and commercial acumen, we will provide you with a supportive and professional environment, autonomy and development for real success.
Qualifications, Knowledge & Experience
Strong experience delivering and automating a range of bespoke Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistical Modelling led projects leveraging techniques that may include; Unsupervised & Supervised Learning, Bayesian Statistics, Principal Component Analysis, Neural Networks, Gradient Boosting, Linear/Logistic Regression, (Geo-) Spatial Modelling, Recommendation Engines, Attribution Modelling, Customer Segmentation, Predictive Modelling, Time Series Analysis, Decision/Scoring Engines, Monte-Carlo Simulation, etc.
Please submit a cover letter addressing the above requirements and why you are suited for this role as well as a resume.
Here are just some of the benefits you can look forward to as part of our Support Office team:
Support implementation of Data Governance (Definition, Quality, Lineage, Modelling, Access)
Measuring and tracking implementation by quantifying value delivered, and sharing key lessons learned across the network
Proficiency in data visualisation tools will be well-regarded
Exposure to No-SQL databases
Department of Education, Skills and Employment
Servian is a company full of smart, technology agnostic consultants.
You will be a passionate and proactive self-starter who continually seeks to learn and develop your professional skill set.
Strong Database/Data Warehouse Knowledge – Knowledge in Teradata would be preferable
Continually improveon data quality and capture to ensure accurate    output for client reporting;
A competitive salary package.
Candidate screening may take place prior to the advertisement closing, so get your application in.
 

Senior Data Scientists are technical specialists who work hands-on with data using a variety of specialised programming languages, software and systems to analyse and interpret large volumes of data.
They apply advanced analytic techniques including supervised and unsupervised machine learning, deep learning, graph analytics, geospatial analytics, text mining and visualisation to solve complex business problems.
Analyse and document user stories and business requirements for a new data analytics platform using agile based and traditional methods
Work with solution developers and vendors to design and implement required solutions.
Further information: Contact Susan Belzer, Commercial Development Director +1
612-251-7312
Salary      Packaging
Design and evaluates open source and vendor tools for data lineage.
Regular social team events & Friday after-work drinks
If you are looking for your next role - apply now or contact Stephen Hancock on 0406 596 976
Tertiary education in Business, Marketing, Computer Science, Statistics, or Mathematics is highly regarded
Analytical mindset and a genuine passion for data
Devise techniques and frameworks that effectively deidentify data for research, analysis and development purposes
Proven experience developing complex data/software solutions 
Advanced MS Excel, SQL and Python skills.
Based on current consumption, provide long range forecasting taking into account school holidays & other events to feed into demand planning
Development of ETL in Power Query Online
Analytical background - you can mold and understand data to drive action and results
Adobe Ecosystem like Adobe Analytics, Adobe Experience
Over 400,000 members from 90+ countries since launch in 2017.
We want you to be passionate about growing the people around you, supporting them to learn and try new things and guide them through their growing career at Seek.
Examples of this include;
Knowledge on API management concepts and design
Parental Leave Options
If this opportunity is of interest to you, please click on the ‘Apply now’ button to register your interest and please also subscribe to ‘Job Alerts’ to be notified of upcoming opportunities with SPARK.

good data reporting (ideally Tableau) and presentation skills to provide relevant insightful updates to stakeholders. 

Demonstrated interpersonal communication skills and the ability to work as a member of a team. 
Hands-on experience in data science, machine learning and statistical analytics.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The purpose of this role is to help government agencies and departments find solutions to complex challenges through analytics and provide policy and business advice on how to use and publish data
Demonstrated experience coding complex stored procedures, views, triggers, and other scripts using T-SQL
Great company celebrations
Flexible working environment and arrangements; genuine focus on work-life balance
As an Operational Spatial Analyst within ASIO you will work closely with operations staff to inform tasking in line with organisational priorities. 
Contribute to the development of the data engineering capability
As part of the team you will continually look for ways to optimise work processes, actively learning and adapting your approach to achieve great outcomes.
You will act with a sense of urgency, high energy and enthusiasm and be able to relate openly and comfortably with everyone.
You will value interpersonal savvy and self-awareness and reflect on your own strengths and areas for development, making you a valued contributor.
Ab initio background is highly regarded
This role presents a unique opportunity to innovate and value-add to our existing services, and use your understanding of algorithm optimisation, parallel processing and multi-dimensional data structures to process data as efficiently as possible.
Tertiary qualification in quantitative field (Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Commerce, etc)
Manage large amounts of data, with a focus on continuous improvement of data integrity & migration of data within a project environment;
Variety of interesting projects, using emerging technologies.
Resolve defects and issues and build automated tests to prevent reoccurrence.
Ability to work with large data sets, identify drivers and develop appropriate strategies
Conduct issue triage and investigation across the BI stack.
My client needs a Business Intelligence Developer to work in the Data and Analytics Team (Digital Finance) with a key focus on developing, maintaining and expanding the Data and Analytics platform to achieve sanitised, enriched, governed and trusted information availability for reporting and analysis to help drive strategy and growth.  
The role also requires be part of end-to-end process from requirements gather to delivery, testing and train the trainer.  
Role and responsibilities:    
In this role you'll be using data science to really build value and competitive advantage across a portfolio of banking products in a cutting edge enviroment.
You will get to work with large data sets and utlise your machine learning expertise all while working for a top name in the banking space.
You will be leading a team of bright data specialists who are keen to challenge themselves.
Experience with Microsoft Azure analytical platforms such as Azure Synapse Analytics, Data Lakes, Microsoft SQL databases & enterprise data warehousing
You must submit an online application to be considered for any position with us.
This position will be posted until filled
Other key result areas in this position include:
Bid offers the flexibility of work location.
You will be provided the essential tools of the trade to allow you to transition into the role smoothly and hit the ground running.
Tableau (or Power BI)
Continue maintaining and improving strength and stability of existing suite of credit scoring models.
We use loads of languages including (Node, Typescript, GoLang, C#, Python)
Numerous discounts with our corporate partners (retail & shopping / travel & holiday / health & wellbeing)
Data engineering – developing ETL/ELT/data pipelines in Microsoft’s Azure and SSIS platforms;
Basic knowledge of the Australian Energy Industry;
Driving business growth by running the weekly promotion campaigns
The ability to work with large scale, complex, poorly documented and sometimes incomplete data.
Reflections Holiday Parks are located next to some of the most iconic beaches, inland dams and landmarks across NSW.
With a workforce of over 300 people and a substantial asset base of specialist equipment, our staff work in dynamic environments and are rewarded with development opportunities to match their commitment. 
Preparing data for predictive and prescriptive modelling;
Developing Tableau dashboards and reports
At least a BSc Honours or equivalent in an appropriate area of study.
Superior numerical and analytical skills;
Data reconciliation
- Creating something unique and from scratch
ELMO Software Limited is an equal opportunity employer, and we encourage applicants from diverse backgrounds to join our team.
Key to this role is an awareness of data privacy and security as you will be dealing with sensitive employee data in accordance with ELMO’s ISO27001:2013 Certified security policies and practices.
Broad understanding of technology trends in the Data and Cloud space.
Work in an empowered workforce – your new ideas are encouraged, heard and valued
At Uniting, we believe in taking real steps to make the world a better place.
We work to inspire people, enliven communities and confront injustice. 
Please ensure you read the instructions carefully, noting failure to address identified requirements may lead to your application being deemed ineligible.
Key Responsibilities  
Boral currently have an opportunity for a Data Engineer – make your mark and build data capabilities with iconic Australian organisation and drive optimisation within a large scale industrial environment.
Complex problem-solving skills; ability to clearly identify root cause and implement solutions
You will:
At Schneider Electric, no two days are the same however typical activities that the Data/Reporting Analyst will carry out include:
As an inclusive, team-first company, our people are at the core of everything we do. 
Be the catalyst in driving, change and have a broad understanding of new and upcoming IT trends and tools.
Applications must be submitted by 11.30pm on 5th Dec
Conceptual, Logical and Physical dimensional data modelling
Gather and document business requirements for small scale ad hoc projects 
There will of course be plenty of hands-on coding, but also the opportunity to work across a myriad of teams and functions across
SEEK ensuring the data migration execution is as simple and efficient as possible.
Streamlined process for submitting data to EGA
Sound understanding of analysis of Health & Nutrition or Complementary Medicines or Pharma products
About the Role  
The Medical Scientist works as part of the Biochemistry team.
They assist in the production of accurate, high quality and timely results and reports.
The Medical Scientist is responsible for the efficient performance of routine testing and other duties that are assigned by his or her supervisor.
The Medical Scientist is directly responsible for the quality of the work performed.  
Some of the key duties will include:
If this sounds like you and you want to work for a fast-paced, ever-growing, exciting and fun company please apply.
What you will need: 
Provide data and present on initiatives to stakeholders.
Experiment within contact centres to deliver an immediate increase in customer satisfaction
Many different brands across many different sectors, including some of the biggest commercial and government clients in Australia.
We work with many industry leaders in the WA market... and more commonly in other states too! 
● Highly collaborative team player ● Able to navigate complex work environment to deliver outcomes ● Personal resilience and tenacity
Demonstrated expertise in using analytical tools such as R, Python, and SQL
Develop data integration points in the Azure environment (receiving the files, data transformation, and sending data to a target)
ETL experience, preferably with SSIS
Summary
Strong Microsoft Excel capabilities
We celebrate all diversity and strongly encourage Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people to consider working for a Local Government organisation that values who you are.
Bring your skills, knowledge and commitment to a team that is welcoming and enthusiastic about you joining us!
Strong time management skills with ability to work under pressure and prioritise effectively
Due to recent growth, we are looking for an experienced Business Intelligence Analyst / Consultant within the Brisbane / Gold Coast area.
Leading and managing small software teams
Role highlights: Global FMCG company with operations in ANZ, ASIA, NA and EU markets, work across product lines and business units, high performance culture and create reports that drive critical decisions.
Role Overview
This is an exciting opportunity for individuals interested in working within a values-driven organisation and are looking to further develop their skills and gain experience in a business experiencing national growth and digital Transformation.
Perform the assays of the department in all sections of the department
In this role, you will design, build, and maintain batch and real-time data pipelines on On-premises and cloud platforms to ingest data from the various source systems.
Post ingestion, you will be responsible for integrating the data asset in the data model and making the data ready for consumption for the end-user use cases and downstream applications.
Ability to work both autonomously and within a very collaborative team environment
APPLY NOW!
Find out more about our values, goals and strategy.
Thank you for your interest.
Our minimum requirements for this role are:
We're growing fast, so reach out soon to join our values-driven, life-friendly team for the opportunity to do your best work.
Leverage SQL skills to dive the data in Enterprise Data warehouse,
Partner with others to support the development of platforms to host the output of data products to key stakeholders (including authentication protocols, administrative and security needs) 
Experience applying deep learning algorithms and frameworks to business problems
Database performance concepts like indices, segmentation, projections, and partitions.
Job Reference # 200205309
Interpret commercial requirements, create specifications, design and implement data solutions.
•           
PowerBI experience
Key Requirements
You play an important role building quality data solutions through technical expertise and problem-solving prowess that exceeds the needs and expectations of our customers.
You contribute to your team’s technology strategy ensuring they deliver the right solution, on time, and at the agreed quality standards.
Tertiary degree (or equivalent experience) in Computer Science or related field
Ensure that the reporting schedule is strictly adhered to
Participate in the design, definition and development of software components and data systems, including prioritisation and planning, to meet your team goals
Strong analytic and problem-solving skills
Source data from various operational systems in Optus and integrate to develop data models/assets for reporting and analytic modelling use cases
Located in the heart of the Perth CBD, our offices are appointed with free wellness and leisure facilities, including a pool, gym and bike storage areas.
You’re always just minutes from a huge variety of great food options, spectacular King’s Park, convenient public transport options and the best shopping destinations that the city has to offer.
Working with a team to continually review and improve reports and reporting models
You will analyse transaction data, correlate the forecast model output with market trends, update the forecast via the VIMS application and collaborate with the Kelley Blue Book Analytics Team and others as required. 
Previous experience in data analytic roles.
The successful candidate will have the following skills and experience:
2-3 years' experience as a Data Analyst  
Quality People is committed to all forms of workforce diversity and encourages applications from men and women of all ages and cultures, including indigenous Australians.
Experience with modern data technologies (e.g. Spark, Kafka, Presto, S3)
NAB, invested in you
Have a strong attention to detail
Excellent attention to detail, ensuring that data, methods and theories are accurate, of high-quality and accessible to other researchers.
Requirements
Data Modelling
1+ years experience working with Snowflake
Seven staff-led diversity and inclusion networks;
Join a progressive global family-owned business
Familiarity with open-source configuration management and deployment tools such as Puppet or Chef and Linux scripting.
PEOPLE, TECHNOLOGY, RETHINK EVERYTHING
Retail or e-commerce background preferred
Experience working with livestock semen, and basic understanding of cryopreservation techniques would be advantageous.
Talent Pool

If the selection panel identifies more than one suitable candidate for the role, an eligibility list will be created for future temporary and casual vacancies.
● Ensure relevant content is regularly updated to the library; take ownership of driving awareness & usage with relevant stakeholders
Click on the "Apply Now" button with a cover letter addressing the selection criteria above AND a detailed resume in WORD format (PDFs can be corrupted / not processed).
Note: Applications only accepted from Australian / NZ residents with valid Australian work rights or temporary residents on work visas e.g. Working Holiday Visa.
Contributing to the REA BA Guild;
Australia was named as Just Eat Takeaway Group’s fastest growing market during H1 2021 and has experienced triple digit order growth + 134% year on year.  
As the Menulog business continues to grow at an impressive rate, we’re always on the lookout for energetic, talented and passionate people to join our ever-growing team.
Demonstrated ability to maintain high quality work output while managing competing priorities
Proven experience developing a CI/CD pipeline for improvements.
Experience working in a Scrum-Agile environment – Deriving user-stories from business requirements and working with Atlassian’s JIRA & confluence tooling would be greatly beneficial.
A true passion to learn new skills and a "can-do" attitude in juggling multiple priorities would be highly desirable.
We are looking for a talented Data Analyst to join our team in Melbourne to support our clients in making strategic, data-related decisions by analysing, manipulating, tracking, and reporting on data.
Our team members are natural problem solvers - they are curious, ambitious, and experts in their fields. 
Ability to understand complex software applications
Design experiments to test the application of advanced analytics and machine learning techniques in health regulation, test hypotheses, analyse results and communicate findings to senior staff and key stakeholders
5+ year's experience as a Business Analyst
Our Strategy has our core purpose front of mind; reducing workplace harm, improving outcomes for injured workers and provide community value.
Engage with relevant, industry forums and promote improvements
Demonstrate reliance, creativity and effective teamwork in a high-pressure, fast-paced technology environment.
Excellent planning and prioritization skills
A minimum of four years as a software engineer passionate about data and data-driven insights
Develop, monitor and report on metrics that measure the effectiveness of the Technology and Data Business Plan and other key strategic initiatives, including leading corrective action.
An opportunity has arisen within our Finance team to appoint a Master Data Analyst for a fixed term to August 2022.
Reporting to the Finance Operations Manager, this role supports and maintains Olympus' Master Data structures, hierarchies and data quality.
The role is also critical to ensuring master data integrity in SAP, along with business process management cross-functionally to maintain data quality.  
Working closely with the Master Data Business Analyst, this role also provides support to administer and perform accurate and timely data entry into our systems, creating, maintaining and deleting business critical master data elements as required.  
The Master Data Analyst interacts with a wide range of stakeholders across the business, particularly in explaining Master Data processes and procedures, so
the ability to communicate effectively build great relationships will also be an advantage  About Olympus:  Our purpose at Olympus is to make peoples' lives healthier, safer and more fulfilling.
We do this through innovation.
As a technology pioneer, we design and deliver solutions across our Medical and Life-Science divisions that make a positive contribution to society.  
Our products are used to capture the medical and diagnostic images of our world, from the microscopic to the endoscopic.
They are instrumental in furthering scientific research, and for traveling inside the human body to help diagnose, treat and prevent illness.  
Our commitment to customers and our social responsibility is the cornerstone of everything we do.  
Why work at Olympus?  
At Olympus, we are dedicated to fostering a high performing culture, a collaborative environment, and enabling everyone to shine.
Our common values of Integrity, Empathy, Long-Term View, Agility and Unity form the foundation of our culture and guide our behaviour, where our people feel like they are making a difference every single day.  
Not only will you benefit from a meaningful, rewarding and challenging career, you will have access to a range of benefits:
You may also get involved in:
Position Summary
What's in it for youAt
Chartered Accountants ANZ, we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace reflecting the members we serve.
As a value driven organisation, we collaborate for success, through integrity and being accountable for ourselves in the role we play to grow and improve as a team.
Our benefits include Scholarship programs, flexible workplace, staff benefits, monthly gatherings and internal Career development.
Summer Fridays - time back to focus on your wellness every Friday afternoon from December through to March
Maintain a knowledge of upcoming major asset change out activities on bases within the region
We're are looking for a Business Development Manager who is eager to succeed and capable of moving in a diverse market with resilience and a customer-oriented approach. 
Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet
Applications will only be considered from candidates with the right to work in Australia.
We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes.
We are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
Shows initiative, resilience, and ability to work autonomously when required
Contribute to the development of novel approaches to treat respiratory diseases and associated conditions;
Be a technical expert and have strong domain knowledge in AWS cloud implementations in both infrastructure and data solutions.
Experience with integration tools and data modelling technology
Hadoop skills like HBase, Hive, Pig, Mahout, etc.
Construct a resilient Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) of tasks to process maintain data recency and product uptime despite source failures
An ability to think creatively and strategically
Experience working in financial data is desirable 
An avid supporter of our fully inclusive culture - we celebrate difference and ensure that everyone belongs
Paid certifications
Proficient in Microsoft tools (Visio, Excel etc.).
At FDM it’s ‘business as usual’, we are recruiting now and throughout the year.
Due to COVID-19 we have implemented alternative working arrangements to ensure that all our people stay safe.
These consist of remote working, virtual training, video interviewing, and access to webinars and virtual events.  
We have training start dates happening in June, July and throughout the year.
If you’re looking to start your career in technology or business, we want to hear from you now!
At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place.
From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are core values.
We're committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that's welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth.
Find your future with us.
Our client is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in Consulting and Technology space.
Life at THE ICONIC...
Extensive knowledge and demonstrated ability with data programming, Microsoft PowerShell, Azure deployments.
A dedicated Global Mentoring Program
As Water Corporation is deemed a provider of critical services to the community, all employees will
Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted for interview. 
Experience with master data management, data warehousing and data cleansing
Department of Veterans’ Affairs
Harnessing sector-wide thought leadership, and working with a broad stakeholder group with different perspectives, roles and involvement in clinical trials, you will lead and enhance a programme of work to develop consensus recommendations to improve the impact and quality of Australian clinical trials.
Drive accuracy in reporting through existing reporting tools such as SPM, Power Bi
Key responsibilities
You are experienced working with big data sets from a range of structured and unstructured sources to draw insights and visualisations
What you'll need to succeed:
About YouTo be considered for this role, you will possess;
Data engineering using Spark, Delta Lake, Databricks, Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL etc.
Our 4,500+ strong team is as diverse as Australia itself.
Our people drive homegrown world-class brands; Tatts, TAB, NSW Lotteries, Golden Casket, SA Lotteries, Keno, Sky Racing, Sky Sports Radio and MAX.
As an ASX listed company we’re proud to shape our industry for the better.
Because together, anything’s possible.
Your skills
Make complex and technical information and language simple and accessible for non-technical audiences
Given this, you will be required to disclose your COVID-19 vaccination status as part of your application for employment with Coles.
You may be required to provide further evidence of vaccination status as part of your application.
Building a 2.8km eastbound tunnel and a 4km westbound tunnel under Yarraville;
Next Steps
Assisting Scientists
Access to tailored learning and development programs through our very own Adairs Academy or via our partnership with Melbourne Business School
Break down data and draw out insights, trends, patterns and applications.
Providing the importance of the data meaning
Testing, debugging, diagnosing and fixing defects in the software system using Test-Driven methodology
A strong focus on service delivery with a desire to innovate, improve process, support others and share ideas
Error reporting and visualisation
Salary packaging including novated vehicle leasing
Hollard is an Australian owned and operated Insurer, helping to secure the lifestyles and assets of over 1.2 million customers and has 800 employees.
Hollard underwrites a wide range of innovative insurance products including home, contents, motor, pet, and commercial insurance solutions through deep partnerships and strong proprietary brands.
Employment Type: Permanent Part TimePosition Classification: Scientific OffRemuneration: $33.18 - $48.06 per hour plus superannuationHours Per Week: 19Requisition ID: REQ273013Location:
WollongongApplications Close: 12 December 2021 - 11:59pm
The Benefits
We seek an experienced Data Engineer to enable genomic data sharing at scale.
The right applicant will join a passionate team focused on delivering personalised medicine to kids with cancer in a rewarding environment.
This project is managed in a highly collaborative way, with research partners from the University of Melbourne, Garvan Institute and QIMR Berghofer and infrastructure partners from the Australian Access Federation and the National Computational Infrastructure.
Furthermore, this project will be delivered in partnership with Australian Genomics, ensuring a pathway to national uptake at other sites.
genU is seeking to establish a data and analytics function as part of the Client Experience and Strategy divison, and we are seeking a Data and Analytics Lead to:
You will:
The Department of Communities and Justice delivers legal, court and supervision services to the people of NSW by managing courts and justice services, implementing programs to reduce crime and re offending, managing custodial and community-based correctional services, protecting rights and community standards and advising on law reform and legal matters.
Other requirements:
Proficient in one or more programming languages (Python will be of benefit).
We pride ourselves on creating content that gets people talking.
What’s more, you’ll find all these great shows (and more) on our free-to-air channels (10, 10 Peach, 10 Shake, 10 Bold), subscription channels (MTV, Nickelodeon, Nick Jr., Comedy Central), our digital platform 10 Play and our new subscription video on demand service Paramount+. 
Providing assistance to the Sales team by compiling all details for upcoming brands, products, or services.
Close to public transport – within 15 minutes’ walk from train station
a competitive salary, including a 7.5 per cent allowance for maintaining a Positive Vetting security clearance;
Remain abreast of economic climate, industry trends and changes to legislation, ensure knowledge is shared within the team as appropriate.
About the business
Working within Bayer Consumer Health division this role will focus on expanding and optimizing our data architecture as well as creating reusable data assets and related capabilities for the team.
Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to:
Experience with orchestrating data processing pipelines using workflow engines such as Airflow.
Maintain workflow, manage tasks and take care of equipment and tools linked to the role
Pre-process data and apply supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques that optimise the accuracy of predictions, review/refactor and version control model code as required
About you... 
This a great role for a junior analyst with a couple of years' working as analyst, now looking for the next challenge.  
You'll have:
Highly Desirable skills for this role:
Design, construct, install, test and maintain highly scalable data management systems
Apply now via SEEK for this great opportunity, including your CV! 
Excellent communication, report writing and people skills
National Indigenous Australians Agency
Experience on CDC methodologies.
At Emesent we pride ourselves on the way our people operate, we embrace diversity and equal opportunity, and are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds.
We are expanding our Big Data Technology Delivery team and are on the lookout for an experienced Cloud Data Engineer to help us deliver Coles’ Enterprise Data Platform (EDP) project.
Use and comply with STgenetics H&S policies, directives and SOPs to allow good laboratory practice and full compliance with industry standards
Highly organised, have multi-tasking skills, and efficient in ambiguous situations
Masters level qualification in Technology, Data Science, statistics Business or related area or equivalent industry experience
Experience developing data storage layers optimised for query performance 
Experience with a modern enterprise-grade BI tools such as Tableau or PowerBI
Where it all began..
Access to a wide range of internal training sessions, across both technical and consulting skills.
Understanding of basic statistical concepts and able to convey to audiences within a large organisation.
Research assistant 
You are ambitious: You strive to improve yourself to get the next step of your career.
ii.
SQL Server Integration Services 
Usual hours of work:
Full Time (flexibility may be available)
Working with multi-disciplinary teams using an Agile methodology 20%
Ramsay Health Care is well-respected throughout the health care industry for operating quality private hospitals and for its excellent record in hospital management and patient care.
Its focus is on maintaining the highest standards of quality and safety; being an employer of choice and operating its business according to The Ramsay Way philosophy: “People Caring for People”.
The business use PowerBI and so you will be responsible for the data structure behind the reports.
Join a fast growth Tech start-up that is revolutionising the Real Estate industry with its AI-first approach.  
Experienced in working with data solutions throughout end-to-end life cycle (data sourcing, data investigation, data transformation, data modelling, front end visualisation, and ongoing governance and maintenance)
Experienced with line managing people
To find out more, please visit https://about.unimelb.edu.au/careers.
Amazing development and career progression programs to help you grow!
One of our premium federal government client( DAWR)  is looking for an experienced Data Engineer with experience developing Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) and Extract, Load, Transform (ELT) processes across several data and analytics platforms. 
The team is progressing a significant program of work and uplift into the 'before starting to recruit' piece of the vision into 2022, alongside an Asia wide unification program of work through 2023.
There's so much more to a career with Bendigo and Adelaide Bank than just banking. 
Solutions/ Data Specialist
Madhuri MhantaKey Accounts ConsultantLet's Connecthttps://www.linkedin.com/in/madhuri-mhanta-5a4a7a17 [link removed]+ 61 386 334 112
The Data Scientist will be responsible for turning data – from both existing and new sources – into value for our customers and our business.
The position will provide expert advice and analysis to inform the creation and improvement of SaaS information products and Education workforce research projects.
You will have the drive and discipline to work autonomously but also thrive as the member of a high-performing team.
Support the planning and implementation of data platform services including infrastructure-as-code via Terraform, and tracking data consumption patterns.
experience in data architecture principles, including data access patterns and data modelling
CPBJH JV is committed to equal employment opportunity (EEO) and actively seeks to remove barriers people may face in gaining a successful position on the West Gate Tunnel Project.
We value diversity in our team and people who share our values of authenticity, respect and excellence are encouraged to apply.
The branch is looking for people with strong analytical and problem solving skills who enjoy working with data and cutting edge technology.
The ability to work well within a team, and to develop positive working relationships with others within and external to the Department is essential.
You will be self-driven and have a commitment to innovation.
2+ years of Spark development experience deploying both batch and streaming data pipelines
Developing self-service products and responding to adhoc data requests for case evidence and intelligence to support compliance and fraud operations.
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Excel
Desirable skills:
Is a self-managed person who has the initiative and drives to work independently.
Azure Data Engineer Associate Certification is desirable
Australia's most awarded tech company 
Work as part of a team of system engineers developing and maintaining interactive reporting tools to support operational processes in the COVID-19 response.
Maintain the backend infrastructure of DH's RStudio Connect platform.
Provide support and advice to the COVID-19 Division by conducting investigation, data analysis and reporting in relation to cases, contacts, outbreaks and transmission dynamics.
The applicant must be a motivated self-starter with strong technical abilities and initiative.
They will operate as a peer in a high performing technical team, and require strong organisational skills, attention to detail and be comfortable working in a dynamic and agile environment.
The Role & The Team
The role monitors and analyses hospital benefit outlays and provides targeted recommendations, commentary and insights.
You will forecast hospital claiming patterns; using predictive analytics to proactively build tools and insights.
You will be joining a collaborative team with a focus on career progression and growth.
Integrate big data tools and frameworks
We celebrate diversity of thought because we want to make better decisions for our customers.
As we work towards our goal of better health for better lives, we value the knowledge and contribution of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders.
We are working hard to create an inclusive workplace and develop Indigenous careers.
Keeping track of data and analysing on the performance of campaigns
Identify trends in the data and share with service leaders and other team members to help enable insights.
Commercial experience implementing Azure data factory/synapse projects
We are looking for someone who can take on this newly created role of data analyst within a small and vibrant team.
You will develop and improve waste management data sets and how it is used in making business and service delivery decisions.
You need to be open-minded and be able to apply your creativity to the benefit of the organisation, the community and the environment.
Responsible for the end-to-end data science execution including scoping, building, testing, implementation, maintenance, tracking and optimisation of machine learning models from scratch
Adopts DevOps and Infrastructure as code principles and practices when deploying and designing data solutions.
1-2 years working with the management of projects
Education Assistance Program
Head on over to http://www.optus.com.au/about/careers to find out more about what it's like working with Optus.
EL1 Data Analyst x 3 roles
Able to code in either: Python or Spark
We live our values of Be Innovative, Be Humble, Be Yourself.
Great salary base + Super + Profit Share
Demonstrated knowledge and experience in database design and development.
Document and review business requirements documents & functional specifications
Advanced knowledge and experience working with SQL and NoSQL databases, query performance optimisation
This role will extract, analyse and report on asset data for various purposes utilising various data, systems and tools.
In addition you will develop, modify and maintain SQL-based reports and dashboards to support business processes and network asset data.
Develop data pipelines in Azure eco-system – Azure Storage, Data Factory, Databricks, SQL Server, Synapse.
Attractive base salary.
Salary negotiable, depending on experience
Reporting into the Manager, Cell Culture & Purification, you will be responsible for:
Experience working with Azure Synapse.
Strong stakeholder management and influencing skills required
Develop and implement data solutions which ingest, integrate, and make data available in cloud-based technologies
Exposure to other programming languages is desirable - Python, Scala
Identify improvements opportunities to data solutions.
Interpretation and presentation of analysis and insights to a range of stakeholders including operations and senior management
Generous salary 
Overtime work will be required from time to time.
The position will involve lifting weights up to 15kgs.
Willingness to live and work in a rural area (Camperdown, Victoria or surroundings) is a must. 
Shortlisted applicants will be contacted as soon as possible.
VERY Flexible working options
Self-starter
Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects concurrently
Collaborate with Analytics team in identifying and designing future data sources
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, particularly relating to unstructured datasets.
Attractive salary package with bonus potential!
The client is looking for an experienced Data Engineer with experience developing Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) and Extract, Load, Transform (ELT) processes across several data and analytics platforms.
Building and operating cloud-based data processing pipelines
Geelong office location, with flexibility to work from home
Recommend and implement best practice data tools for our internal analytics team members that assist them in building Urbis into a leader in the Proptech industry
Commercial astuteness and orientation aligned to high performance with high integrity.
Our commitment to celebrating diversity and addressing inequities is further demonstrated through our Diversity and Inclusion Strategy, Gender Action Plan, Reconciliation Action Plan and our WE-Pride network for LGBTQIA+ staff and students.
We actively encourage applications from, people with a disability, culturally, religiously and linguistically diverse people and people with diverse genders and sexualities.
Should you require support during the recruitment process due to special needs or consideration, please contact the People and Culture team.
Up to $175K Package for permanent roles (plus benefits)
Knowledge in Azure Data Factory, Databricks required
Highly proficient in SQL/Python/ programming languages as well as data visualisation tools, e.g. Tableau/Power BI
There's so much on offer when you're part of the team.
Our flexible and informal work environment helps bring balance between work and home.
Then there's the fun stuff like team discount at Bunnings and other Wesfarmers brands, incentives, discounts from corporate partners (such as private health insurance) and cost price food and drinks at the Bunnings café.
We also offer 12 weeks paid parental leave, regardless of gender, and you will have the opportunity to create a real difference in your community and environment.
Join us and experience Bunnings from the other side of the counter.
ACOR will not accept unsolicited resumes from recruitment agencies.
Data transformation and integration, including the spatial enablement of non-spatial data.
Develop in-depth knowledge of the Ascender Pay Product and deliver technical training  
Join the team at one of Australia's largest financial institutions in the emerging field of people analytics, providing an excellent opportunity to advance your data engineering skills in a collaborative and supportive team environment.
Lets talk about you
Educating and implementing best engineering practices across ML
Our Energy and Sustainability Services Division is the world leader in energy procurement, sustainability reporting, and energy efficiency, with over 35 years' experience of helping clients reduce their energy spend & achieve their business and sustainability goals.
 
5+ years’ experience in data & analytics roles
Assist the Data and Analytics team in producing channels through which our external stakeholders can exchange the information vital to a successful partnership.
AutoML
Communicating with customers, competitors, professional organizations, and suppliers in order to get information on the industry’s trends
Exceptional interpersonal skills, including teamwork, facilitation, and negotiation
Create and maintain effective ETL pipelines 
Work with our drone autonomy and hardware teams to develop new and innovative ways to collect and analyse data.
You're agile and thrive under pressure
A strong understanding of data engineering, analysis and modelling
Develop data migration reconciliation reports in Oracle Fusion Cloud OTBI.
Experience with data integration platforms and IoT is preferred
Tertiary qualifications in statistics, social or applied science would be an advantage.
About the Job
Contribute to continuous improvement of systems in all work areas.
Hunt Smarter.
Flexibility to pick up additional shifts and work a rotating roster
Your role in action:
Design, implement and manage data ingestion, transformation and orchestration from internal and external sources
Strong communication skills and the ability follow-up internal and external sources for data collection   
Candidate Profile
Weighted Criteria
Advanced knowledge of Tableau, Power BI, and Excel required.
Any additional business intelligence tools (Alteryx, etc) or programming knowledge is a plus
Data Engineer is a highly specialised role responsible for building and maintaining an organization's data infrastructure, including databases, data warehouses, and data pipelines.
Demonstrated experience using business intelligence tools to analyse trends and data and an understanding of SAS, SQL, R or Python programming languages is essential. 
Experience with dashboard development using Tableau would be beneficial but not necessary.
We’re committed to looking at the financial advice industry with fresh eyes.
We operate in a space that’s
ripe for disruption.
This means there’s huge opportunities to lead innovation and to think about how we can do things better – for the benefit of all of our people and our clients.
Azure Synapse with demonstrated proficiency in stored procedures, triggers, and index performance tuning (desirable)
Create logical and physical data models using best practices to ensure high data quality and reduced redundancy
Project and Task Management - Working efficiently with stakeholders to understand the business needs and translate it into key objectives
Your new team
Partner with data stewards to
Provide advanced cloud engineering services and advice to external and internal customers
Be amazing at solving problems.
Experience in the design, implementation and operating cloud based data and analytics capabilities on cloud platforms
Permanent fulltime position
As the successful candidate, you will have:
We’re inventing the future, right here, right now, at Thales.
We design the critical security solutions of tomorrow by combining the curiosity to explore, the intelligence to question and the vision to create.
Together we solve complicated problems by combining our experience in the market with our leading research and development capabilities.
Minimum 3 years’ experience as a Reporting Analyst (or similar role) within a Government department at the APS6 work level (or equivalent)
Identify key strategic priorities for our space optimisation program using quantitative and qualitative research:
About Datagamz
Excellent written / documentation skills.
Linux scripting - desirable
La Trobe University’s success is driven by people who are committed to making a difference.
They are creative and highly motivated, pursue new ideas and create knowledge.
La Trobe is one of Australia’s research leaders, and the largest provider of higher education to regional Victoria.  
Our teaching and research address some of the most significant issues of our time
and we’re passionate about driving change through operational excellence to benefit the communities we serve.
If you think this role is the right fit for you, we invite you to apply.
Let’s explore who you are and what drives you.
We’d love to share our vision for the future of banking.
Degree qualified in econometrics, mathematics, statistics or related discipline
Health and wellbeing programs
Join a well-respected Australian brand, that is experiencing continual growth year on year.
This is an opportunity to join a talented team who invests in cutting-edge technology and be part of a growing Agile approach.
You will work with a supportive team where there is ongoing knowledge sharing and opportunities.
Close to the Perth CBD
Join a highly engaging and collaborative team
Be part of a team that prides itself on a collaborative and inclusive environment
What we can offer you
Passion, enthusiasm and creativity!
An advanced degree (MA/MSc or PhD) in a quantitative degree e.g., STEM related
Demonstrated experience supporting projects and working with data and reports including data extraction, analysis, and production of statistical reports.
Visualising data effectively using Power BI, Tableau or QlikSense
A competitive Rem Package comprising of Base + Incentive Component
Effective use of querying and reporting tools, application development and OLAP tools
Industry:  Science & Technology: Data Analytics / Data Science 
3+ years’ experience as a Data Analyst / Scientist and/or advanced analytics within a complex large business
Consult with the Product Owner to priorities and shape the product backlog, using agile practices for prioritisation around business value 
DevOps and CI/CD pipelines,
In depth analysis and reasoning capabilities with a curious mind
Testing to measure the performance and quality of products
Competitive rates depending on experience, day rate or fix-term salary
Provide subject matter expertise in data quality
Experiences with ETL tools highly desirable.
ASIO is committed to a diverse and inclusive environment, where all staff are valued and respected.
A collaborative communicator
Problem solving real business challenges in high impact areas
To be eligible to apply, you must be an Australian citizen or permanent resident as an Australian Government Baseline Security Clearance is required for this role.
Please refer to the security check requirements successful applicants will be required to undertake as part of the recruitment process.
This multi-faceted role gives you a unique opportunity to combine thought leadership with the ability to see and own the outcomes of your achievements.
Whether you’re spending time guiding Group-wide strategic data and digital initiatives, helping the team explore the next-wave of data and analytics, or offering expert advice to advance our data maturity, you’ll have the opportunity to rotate through a wide variety of projects.
This gives you hands-on and varied experience that will deliver tangible results.
With genuine support for flexible ways of working, you’re in control of shaping your week and finding balance between time in the office to collaborate with colleagues, and time at home to make things work for you.
You have a passion for the ethical use and maintenance of data
Degree in relevant areas such as IT, Maths, Statistics, Econometrics, Marketing Information Systems or Finance
Create and monitor adoption metrics, dashboard reporting for review and presentation
Deliver functional and technical requirements to deliver high performing end to end solutions for various data initiatives
Working in a cloud-first backend engineering team using technologies such as TypeScript, NodeJS, AWS Lambda, DynamoDB, RDS, SNS, SQS, Kinesis, and Docker
Must be able to drive -
No public transport near office
Access to a free Employee Assistance Program including financial assistance and dietician services
There are several exciting opportunities in the section for the following roles:
Experience working with AWS resources and infrastructure such as ( EC2, EMR, Kinesis, S3, Redshift, Glue, Lambda)
The Analyst is responsible for supporting business managers with Optus Business in the identification and execution of opportunities for continuous service improvement, journey optimisation, and relentless focus on customer service optimisation across our Voice and Digital Channels.
modern and contemporary offices
Weighting
Must have current baseline clearance
Have an awareness of AI and ML technologies and principles
A fantastic, fast paced, diverse and inclusive team culture that promotes and encourages individual career growth!
OUR COMMITMENT TO INCLUSION & DIVERSITY
Assist with ad hoc data management and reporting requests when required
Develop analytical products including reports, charts and dashboards
An exciting career - As our business grows, so do the opportunities for our team members
An interest in Machine Learning and how to incorporate it into a big data system.
Tertiary qualification in or progression towards a relevant degree in IT, Data Analytics or Business Administration or related discipline and or extensive industry relevant experience is essential
Parental leave cover - 12+ months
Work on application deployments
Skills and experience
Strong communication, problem solving, stakeholder management skills, and managerial skills
Structure Query Language (SQL)
Experience with designing and building Tableau dashboards
Based in Tasmania’s capital, historic Hobart/nipaluna will be a phenomenal base in order for you to succeed in this role.
You will be situated on the gorgeous river Derwent with appealing world heritage wilderness areas just a stone’s throw away.
Enjoy a relaxed lifestyle with easy access to iconic settings such as Mona, Port Arthur and the historic Hobart Water Front. 
At least 2 years experience as a Business Analyst
Flexibility to adapt in a complex changing environment
Experience with database management and manipulation;
12 Month Contract (Possible Extension).
Largest Recruitment Process Outsourcing contract in Australia
Alexandria, NSW location
Green Light Worldwide are looking for an experienced Data Engineer to assist in a service delivery of a large national project at one of our client sites.
Create and maintain optimal data pipelines for Data Science and advanced analytics initiatives
They include: 
Assisting in the development of commercial propositions involving the use of analytics within insurance core functions through own analysis, prior experience, and research & development
Bonus annual leave
Developing appropriate performance metrics.
We are currently looking for Data Engineers to join our Servian Managed Services team.
The Monaro is set amongst rolling plains, legendary rivers and snow-capped peaks, Cooma is the largest town in the Monaro-Snowy Mountains Region. 
Cooma is also home to the Snowy Mountains Scheme headquarters,
this scheme dramatically changed the character of Cooma.  
Because of the influx of many thousands of workers from post war Europe Cooma became a town rich in culture.
We’re a winning team and we attract the best, challengers, innovators, and seriously fun individuals with big hearts.
At Virgin Australia Group, we pride ourselves on recruiting the right people to join our team and help us rise to the challenges ahead.
No matter our role – we are united by our ambition to be the most loved airline in Australia, and always go one step further for our customers, colleagues, and our wider community.
www.fmgl.com.au/jobs-at-fortescue
Agility & Adaptability 
Good understanding of BI technologies such as Microsoft Power BI, Oracle BI or Tableau
Strong Analytical skills
Corporate partnerships
Target Question 1:
Describe your experience maintaining a Tableau Server or similar, to ensure your data and analytics were well governed and always secure.
This focus will include coordinating and undertaking research projects in relation to IT systems, data analysis and visualisation, identifying and trialling innovative testing techniques, and developing data analysis and reporting systems and capability in order to meet the needs of IRT’s industry partners.
Executing molecular biology experiments including cloning, sequencing and plasmid purification.
Work on a large data transformation project
Opportunity to be involved in our Digital Transformation program of work
Take a lead in the Data and Analytics Community of Practice, in uplifting the data literacy of the organisation.
About SEEKSEEK’s portfolio of diverse businesses make a positive impact on a truly global scale.
Our purpose is to help people live more fulfilling and productive working lives and help organisations succeed. 
We create world-class technology solutions to connect more people to relevant employment, education, small business and volunteer opportunities.  
We have a culture of high-performance in our workplaces and celebrate the diversity of our employees who contribute to the success of our organisation.  
Our Culture At SEEK we really value our culture and the way we work together to get stuff done. 
You will work amongst a group of hard-working, fun and caring people who will support you to have a successful and fulfilling career at SEEK. 
Our dedication to fostering a work environment where people feel like they're making a difference
every single day has helped us maintain a consistently high ranking in the annual Hewitt Best Employer Award.
In other words, people like to come here – and we're proud of that! 
Launched in 2013, and backed by SEEK with 5 offices across Australia and New Zealand, Sidekicker is now Australia and New Zealand’s largest online staffing platform, using technology to radically improve how businesses hire and manage casual, temporary and contract staff. 
why you are interested in the role and what you can offer us
Twilio
Able to implement smarter business and technical processes and confidence in sharing ideas for making the existing solutions better
An exciting opportunity has become available for a highly analytical and innovative Data Engineer to join our Blackwoods Business Intelligence team.
You will have the opportunity to develop and enhance our new cloud-based data platform used to improve decision making across all areas of Blackwoods.
Coach insight teams on the use of performance data across Marketing Delivery squads.
Ability to work effectively with cross-disciplined teams (across multiple time zones)
Ability to design from a User perspective
Regular reporting on project workforces, focussing on the accurate and timely measurement of all diversity and inclusion outcomes
As a company that values wellbeing, we offer a range of great benefits to support you financially, professionally and personally.
These include access to a wide range of flexible working options including the ability to purchase extra leave, retail discounts, onsite wellbeing centre including a gym (Sydney Office), Employee Assistance Program, competitive home loan rates, leading superannuation contribution, discounted financial advice and personal insurance.
Excellent communication skills and an ability to build relationships
Discover the business problem to be solved and generate solutions
In return, you will have the opportunity to work as part of a passionate and progressive not for profit company, that offers an attractive salary package and great employee benefits.
A successful, growing, and motivated team where the focus is on collaboration and support for great client outcomes.
EDUCATION / QUALIFICATIONS
You know and love Spark, or you’ve got an interest in learning.
Minimum 5 years' experience working within the local market on relevant systems such as data warehouses, BI & analytics solutions and real-time data processing solutions
Knowledge of the financial planning industry
Preferred Experience (but not essential) 
Previous experience as a Data Engineer
Exciting 9-month role with a Government organisation looking for a Data Engineer  
Your new company Hays Technology are currently working with a Government owned organisation in central Brisbane.  
We are seeking an experienced Data Engineer to work across a number of projects within the organisation.  
This role has an ASAP start and will be an initial contract through to 30th September 2022.
This role will have hybrid working arrangements and expected start date in early December.  
Your new role As a Lead Data Engineer, your role is to lead the ongoing development and support of the Queensland Data Analytics Platform (QDAP).
You will require a solid understanding and experience in managing Azure cloud environments, including designing, deploying and operating data analytics environments.  
Key responsibilities include:
Design, develop and implement data pipelines for data migration and collection, data analytics and other data movement solutions 
Employer of choice for gender equality
At Evolution, we’re passionate about Our Culture and Values.
Enhance system efficiency across TAFE’s
operating environment
Other Tools – Apache Airflow
A relevant degree or associate diploma in computing or information systems, or an equivalent combination of relevant experience and/or education.
A current driver’s licence is also required.
If the above excites you, and even makes you a little nervous, then we want you to apply!
It’s an exciting and transformative time for us; and we need creative, collaborative, and great people like you.
The Team
Prior experience in retail, FMCG or similar industry advantageous
Flexible working arrangements, including changes in hours of work, patterns of work and work area
Ability to multi-task and deliver objectives within strict timelines.
Develop and embed scalable models for analytics solution delivery, ensuring quality and sustainability, balancing tactical delivery opportunities and strategic options to strengthen platforms.
Excellent communication skills both written and verbal, with ability to break down complex concepts to all levels of the business.
Qualifications, Skills and Experience
We look forward to meeting you!
Raising risks and issues with transparency to leadership
We encourage applications from our key priority communities – Aboriginal and Torres Strait
Troubleshoot when errors and/or failures occur in existing data pipelines
Initiative and eager to try new approaches
Compile gaps
Previous experience delivering on a large, organisation wide transformation
This is an Interesting opportunity for Multiple Data Analysts looking to join a Prestigious Federal Government Department.
The Successful Candidates will be offered an initial contracts to 30 June 2022 with a 12-month extension partnered with an attractive daily rate.
If you have the required skills
DON’T
DELAY, APPLY NOW please forward your resume to jobs@hitechaust.com quoting ref number JB0711 today!
For more opportunities go to www.hitechaust.com.
Who are we looking for?
Tertiary qualification in business, analytics, computer science or related discipline.
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well in a team environment
The Successful CandidateWithin the context of the role described above, the ideal applicant will be someone who has the following key experience/capabilities:
Good track record in working with data scientists and analysts to improve data transformation processes
Scripting experience (for example python, bash etc)
Strong knowledge of process improvement, data privacy, data security, data quality, governance, risk etc
For further information on this role, please contact Brendan McKenzie at brendan.mckenzie@genu.org.au or 03 5223 9122.
Experience with Power BI is essential.
(Experience with the rest of the Microsoft Power Platform is highly desirable);
AWS: EC2, S3,ELB, RDS
The role and responsibilities:
Collaborate with business and IT stakeholders to develop, maintain and optimise data collection and related statistical reporting to provide timely, accurate, and accessible data for economists' informed decision-making.
Your day at NTT
A results-oriented mindset
We're one of the largest and most advanced Data Engineering teams in the country
Demonstrated experience in coordinating with other teams for planning, design, governance, engineering and release management of processes and products to ensure timely and accurate delivery of data and analytics services.  
Extensive data engineering experience within a large organisation
Why us?
Optimal data pipeline architecture
A high level of communication skills, including the ability to work with technical specialists and business subject matter experts.
A solid grounding in applied mathematics, especially optimization and graph theory, and statistics.
FIRST PEOPLE Recruitment Solutions is a 100% Indigenous Owned Business providing temporary assignments, fixed term contracts and permanent recruitment solutions to the Australian Government and Corporate Australia.
1 language for Data Ingestion - SQL or equivalent; and
Strong understanding of BI data structures and how to optimise data delivery for different BI Reporting tools (Tableau & Cognos)
Senior Data Engineer  Sydney  
$160,000 + Super  Leading enterprise retail organisation require a Senior Data Engineer who will be responsible of designing, building, and operating secured, scalable, and optimal data pipelines on GCP.  
Key Requirements
Advanced Microsoft Excel Skills
Our people are our strength.
As an employee at Western Power, we offer
Assay concept, design, and initial optimization workup, in collaboration with the Development team, to fit specific use cases
The Data Engineer is part of the shared services team and is responsible for the design, creation and maintenance of data pipleline for large-scale solutions.
Role & Superannuation rate: 
Academic - Full time - 17% super
comfortable taking ownership of issues and driving resolution
Salary continuance insurance
Development experience in Python, R, PowerShell is desirable
We want all applicants to have an equal opportunity to demonstrate that they are the best person for the job.
If you require an adjustment at any stage of the recruitment process, please email our People and Projects team at employment@slv.vic.gov.au.
A willingness to be flexible and dynamic
Proven experience using Power BI to an advanced level-including ability to build and refine models, develop DAX measures and build reports
Manage routine and ad hoc data reporting  
Experience with dashboard development (Power BI) would be advantageous
Demonstrated experience as a Data Analyst working in a dynamic environment to meet deadlines and ensure program delivery against objectives.
Specific duties/responsibilities:
DevOps, Data IaC
An experienced and hands-on Data Engineer with at least 3+ years’ experience, specialising in MS-SSIS for RDBMS Data Warehouses, with excellent communication skills.
A work culture that encourages collaboration, ideas, and opportunities to grow and expand your skills
Only shortlisted candidates will be contactedNo agency enquiries or applications please 
At ALDI we believe that our employees should expect to come to work every day with the comfort and confidence that they are in the safest possible environment.
You will be required to adhere to all ALDI and State and Federal Government COVID-safe practices and regulations.
Understands delivery in small increments aligned with business goals
Advanced experience designing and developing efficient code, functions and scripts that leverage data from multiple sources using R and SQL programming languages.
About YouWe are looking for candidates who have at least 2 years technical experience in developing, maintaining and supporting effective data analysis outcomes + demonstrated knowledge and experience using enterprise reporting and analytics tools (Tableau or similar) and programming language (such as Python, SQL and pySpark).
Demonstrated knowledge of cloud development (Azure preferred), multi-dimensional database structures and Data warehouse concepts.
We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace.
Female applicants, people of Aboriginal or Torres Strait Island descent and ex-defence personnel are encouraged to apply.
About your new role:
An inclusive Employee Share benefits scheme
Manage key data sources of the team including broader marker sales data, key leasing information and other sector specific data and research.
A desire to earn equity as a component of your remuneration package
Partner with internal stakeholders to develop analytics proof of concept projects that support their business needs and help identify areas for improvement / further analysis
Capabilities and Qualifications
Respond to complex enquiries on specific issues requested by the Commissioner,
Continuous learning and development across multiple dimensions including technology, leadership and commerciality.
Developing data processing solutions to transform and load data into data warehouses and data marts.
The Data & Analytics team is responsible for finding and implementing new ways in which we can better exploit this data to support the business imperative to reduce reactive maintenance and increase predictive maintenance which will extend asset life, reduce maintenance costs and avoid abatements.
Culture
Data Analyst(Power BI) required for a 3 month initial contract role based in Perth.
Experience working with large datasets
Must have worked on AWS data pipeline and AWS Glue to migrate campaign data from external sources into AWS Redshift.
Support troubleshooting of data issues, tracing back to the source when required
Maintain a knowledge of upcoming major asset change out activities on bases within the region to ensure data are UpToDate
Oversee the development of Data and Analytics strategy for YVW
How is the program structured?
Data Systems Engineers are critical for keeping data flowing into the Lexer product and making it easy for our customers to actually make productive use of all this data.
They collaborate closely with the Data Science, Product Management and the Data Operations teams, and with other developers in the Product team.
Talent Pool 

If the selection panel identifies more than one suitable candidate for the role, an eligibility list will be created for future temporary and casual vacancies.
We understand that we are in the business of philanthropy and that fundraising is a servant of philanthropy.  
Specifically, our role is to conduct long term fundraising programs that enable people to exercise their philanthropy in whatever form and capacity they are able. 
Engaging team environment
Advance EXO-NET® and NET technology designs to fit diagnostic and therapeutic manufacturing applications
You will display resilience, work with agility, have strong attention to detail with the ability to work efficiently under tight deadlines.
Collaborate with internal stakeholders to manage multiple data sources and deliver BI tools and ongoing process improvement.
Employee Incentive Program
Real-Time technologies (Kafka, Spark Streaming, Kinesis)
holds a 50% interest in ActewAGL Retail which holds a majority market share in the ACT electricity and gas retail market with a turnover of over $600 million.
Data Imputation
Ensure that systems are adequately developed, tested, and are fit for purpose.
In line with the Public Health Order, all NSW Health workers are required to have received at least one dose of a COVID-19 vaccine by 30 September 2021 and two doses by 30 November 2021 or have an approved medical contraindication certificate.
You will be required to provide a record of your COVID-19 vaccination status if successful.
GIT, CI/CD under TDD (VSTS/Azure DevOps)
Extracting, interpreting and analysing workflow activities and applying business analytics practices to gain meaningful insights to improve performance and decision making.
Inclusion & Diversity
We invite applications from candidates with demonstrated experience in high level Procurement management and who can demonstrate the following attributes:
Task oriented with a solutions focus 
Assess the quality of models in production
We are looking for a Lead Data Engineer to lead and manage a technical team of 10 people.
Datagamz software is consumed and used by thousands of businesses globally and as part of this role we are looking for someone that wants to lead and develop an industry leading and highly scalable software product.  
Mater Foundation has a fantastic opportunity for a dedicated Data & Reporting Analyst to join the Business Support Team in a fixed-term, full-time position for 8 months.
This role will be based at Mater Newstead.
Ability to work hybrid (flexible)
But we don't just look for someone based on their skills and expertise.
It's our connection, acceptance and genuine care for each other that makes REA a great place to work.
That means you also need to be:  
Schedule work for the whole team in a systematic way to ensure that no sample will be missed out of the target release due date. 
Competitive salary package, commensurate with your skills and experience
Previous experience working with data visualisation tools.
What’s in it for you?
Share insights and interpretation of trends and identify potential impacts of the business 
The Role and the Team
Global number one Professional Skin Care Company 
This is a unique role for a well-rounded individual with a ‘start-up mentality’ to contribute to a high performing Data Science team, bringing to life our strategy and purpose whilst demonstrating a strong alignment with The Ramsay Way values.
Monthly Product Allocation 
Establishing a framework for the collection and management of data on our audience to ensure an ongoing integrated, consistent and systematic approach
You can understand what is key to achieving a goal and can prioritise the outcomes that matter under pressure.
Competitive pay and benefits
Proven experience in Data Warehouse, Data Analytics & Visualization Tools
In 2021, we continue to build on a track record of revenue and profit growth, and have been widely recognised for our enterprising culture by the likes of:
You are tertiary qualified in IT, computer science, software engineering or related field with strong analytical skills and attention to detail.
Experience with big data stack (Spark, Hadoop, Storm, Hive & Pig) and NoSQL stores.
Have a knowledge of SQL, P/SQL, databases, integration, master data management, quality assurance, data wrangling, and data governance technologies
Knowledge and experience developing queries and/or custom analytical processing in R or python for ad hoc requests and projects, as well as ongoing reporting.
Exceptional communication skill, both written and verbal, with the ability to interact with stakeholders across all levels.
Experience with serverless data pipeline and workflow management tools, such as Lambda, Step Functions, Airflow, etc
Proficiency with Hadoop/MapReduce/DataBricks desirable (but not required)
A minimum of 5 years’ experience in a data management or  analyst role
Ensure the quality of master data and update pricing information across the organisation
MUST HAVE :
OBIEE  
/ Oracle Forms and Reports
/ OBIEE 
BI Publisher / Tableau
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply for this vacancy.
Identify opportunities for simplification and automation of reporting processes
7.
Understanding and applying the principles of risk management
The Role:Due to growth, we are seeking a Portfolio Insights Analyst to join our high performing Pricing Team.
The purpose of this role will be to assist the Portfolio Monitoring Manager to enhance the monitoring capabilities and produce analytical insights.
This position will be well suited to someone who is starting their career and wanting to further develop their skills, knowledge and experience in the insurance industry.
Accountabilities:
There’s a certain feeling you get from working at Monash University.
It’s the feeling that you’re a part of something special.
Something significant.
So if you’re looking for the next chapter in your career, it’s here.
You’ll be given the opportunity to challenge yourself, build on your skills, and make a significant contribution to a workplace that’s filled with energetic and inspiring people.
Talent thrives here – and so do truly satisfying careers.
Please prepare a one-page Applicant Response in relation to the advertised role, outlining:
At least 2 years relevant experience across Cloud Technologies
Minimum of 5 years' experience BI, Analytics related business analysis.
The OpportunityWe are currently seeking talented Data Engineers to join HBF’s in-house Data Analytics team.
Reporting to the General Manager Data Analytics, these roles will be offered as 12-month fixed term contracts.
In this role you will be responsible for the development and data engineering pipelines to support tableau reporting and machine learning +AI workflows.
Track all vendor communications including change notifications and file content/delivery issues
Isolate, identify and communicate data issues and own data quality for the analyses and reports produced
Annual Lexskicon weekend - ski, snowboard or hang around a ski village
Be a technical leader, participating in solution design and architecture reviews, and maturing the systems and capabilities that you own.
• Sydney office and workplace flexibility
Click the 'apply' button to be taken to ESTA's online application portal.  
Experience using code versioning tools and CI tools (Git/TeamCity/Jenkins)
Documentation frameworks like CRISP-DM
Consulting with a range of stakeholders in various teams in the bank
résumé
Proficient user of MS PowerPoint and Excel to run data analysis, create presentations and document processes
A dynamic and diverse role that works with a collaborative cross functional service team.
Salary range is within $70k - $85k and negotiable based on level of experience.
Proven ability to work effectively both independently and in a team-based environment 
An excellent remuneration package is available for the right individual.
Collaboration with application teams to install operating system and Hadoop updates, patches, version upgrades when required.
5+ years’ experience in a Data Scientist role with a track record of building and implementing Machine Learning or Deep Learning models.
Sound analytical and problem-solving skills to solve problems, supported by data governance best practice
About VentiaVentia is a leading infrastructure services company, operating across Australia and New Zealand.
Our clients are the owners and operators of assets that are critical to our local communities.
We pride ourselves on working smart, safely and sustainably, harnessing the latest technologies and brightest minds.
With a diverse and proud heritage, we have a track record of delivering essential services to the communities in which we operate.
Team members are empowered to be decision makers – we encourage people to bring and challenge ideas.
Experience with creating reports and dashboards using BI Tools such as Power BI and SSRS
Analysis and remediation of issues associated with Reporting and Data Warehousing systems and services;
Previous experience in a data analytical environment, ideally working across multiple retail brands
Build a CI/CD automation pipeline facilitating automated deployment and automated testing
Provide troubleshooting support and identifies root causes for issues
Well-developed communication, stakeholder management and influencing skills
Exposure to Agile tools like Azure DevOps, Jira and Confluence.
Align with Bupa HI data program to ensure that reporting is optimised to use new EDW structures
Work across Coles’ complex multi-tendent Enterprise Data Platform (EDP) solutions and services.
Experience in data analytics, BI, data warehousing, a data platform development or other relevant hands-on technical experience.
Join us and use your experience to consult with stakeholders to define problems, set success metrics and help shape the way forward through data insights, effective communication, and data stories.
In this role you will work as part of our Data Engineering team to provide exposure to a broad set of datasets and BI technologies.
Working as a team you will work on reporting, visualization, storytelling and taking ownership of workflows and structures to make solutions scalable, reproducible, and long-term focused.
Schneider Electric is leading the digital transformation of energy management and automation.
Our technologies enable the world to use energy in a safe, efficient and sustainable manner.
We strive to promote a global economy that is both ecologically viable and highly productive.
Demonstrated ability to understand priorities and adjust to changing circumstances and priorities;
You'll ideally have a high level of technical capability in development and technical data modelling and integration and demonstrated experience implementing Cloud technologies - specifically Azure, including but not limited to; Data Factory, Dev Ops, Spark (Data Bricks / Synapse) and general SQL database technology
Strong communication, influencing and networking skills
HR or Force Element product knowledge.
Velocity Vehicle Group is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity in the workplace.
Flexible working hours/arrangements to assist you to maintain your work-life balance.
(Please note: due to our unique working environment, work from home options are not available)
How to applyFor more information or a confidential discussion
please call Steven Fulop at u&u Greater Western Sydney on 0418 994 446 quoting Job Reference 25430 or alternatively, apply online below.
We look forward to receiving your application and assisting you with your job search.
Agility - ability to juggle multiple ongoing projects and work both collaboratively and autonomously at times
Your nominated choice of superannuation fund
Basic development skills: you may not be an engineering expert, but you have basic programming experience using high level languages like PHP, Python, or JavaScript.
Benefits: 
Our teams work flexibly from the home and our head office and utilise technologies to ensure we can collaborate and communicate effectively.
Influencing and maintaining BI strategy and solutions for our corporate MSBI environment
Strong knowledge of SQL, P/SQL, databases, integration, master data management, quality assurance, data wrangling, and data governance technologies.
 Sound interesting?
Here’s what we’re looking for; 
Tertiary qualification is mandatory
Use data to drive decision making
SEEK is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange, where it is a top 60 company with a market capitalisation close to A$7billion.
SEEK is proud to have been listed in the Top 20 Most Innovative Companies Globally by Forbes, and our celebrated culture has been recognised multiple times, including being named an Aon Hewitt Best Employer a record 10 times.
 Enterprise Services (ES) is responsible for the world leading application of technology and operations across every aspect of CommBank, from innovative product platforms for our customers to essential tools within our business.
We also use technology to drive efficient and timely processing, an essential component of great customer service.  
Chief Data Office (CDO) provides specialised data services and platforms for the CommBank group.
As part of the CDO Data Operations team, we manage a portfolio of critical applications and data services used by internal and external customers.
Our teams provide technical support for crucial systems such as but not excluded to; our Group Data Warehouse, Hadoop Platform, Datastage, Tableau, Teradata and Pega.  
See yourself in the team  
As a Senior Engineer ETL, you will support complex data pipelines running on a new cutting-edge Data Ingestion Platform as well as several new and exciting products in the Big Data/Advanced Analytics space.  
You will operate in a fast-paced environment where multiple project deliverables are coordinated within specified deadlines.  
As a Senior Engineer - ETL, your key accountabilities includes:
About Global Marketplace
Experience testing drugs, small molecules, metabolites, peptides and/or proteins preferably in an industry or contract research environment
Three or more years’ experience in protein separation of monoclonal antibodies or fusion proteins (Fc/Alb).  
You put the customer at the heart of what you do
Urbis is a market-leading built environment consultancy that shapes the cities and communities of Australia for a better future.
Drawing together a network of the brightest minds, Urbis consists of practice experts, working collaboratively to deliver fresh thinking and independent advice and guidance for our cities and towns - all backed up by real, evidence-based solutions.
I will work with you to understand and advise you on where the market rate is for your skills and experience for both contracts and full-time salaried positions.
Working closely with 
Work within, restructure and improve existing Data Warehouses as required
Demonstrated technical experience with Elasticsearch to deliver high speed search capabilities across large data assets.
Proven experience in delivery Big Data solutions, implementation of Data Lake/Lake House, Cloud Data Warehouses on Google BigQuery, AWS Redshift or Snowflake using tools like Talend,
AWS Glue, EMR/Spark, Google Data Fusion
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimising data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
We provide employees with Life Insurance, Income Protection Insurance and access to an Employee Assistance Program.
About Hollard
Essential Information:
Dress for your day
€25.7bn global revenue
Fluency in at least 2 modern data-centric programming languages such as Python, R as well as SQL
Demonstrated experience in managing an operation of significant size and reporting on performance.
Proven remote management experience
Settle into our great work environment and facilities.
Functionally understand the Data assets working with various SMEs and apply the transformation rules required to build the target data asset.
Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities are essential.
Free on-site gym and parking!
Exceptional communication and negotiation skills with a strong customer focus
Expertise incoding and engineering relevant data management applications and programming languages such as Spark, Hadoop, Enterprise R, SQLExpertise in ETL and ELT development, data structures, storage, specifications, and architecturesExpertise in CI/CD capabilities including Bit Bucket, Jenkins and Artefactory
Use available data sources to deep dive and troubleshoot campaign (and overall) performance issues
As per Cabrini policy, a mandatory copy of a current (under 12 months) police record check must be provided prior to the commencement date.
Strong knowledge or experience in data (data mining, ETL etc.).
Join our vibrant social and community activities including annual celebration, family fun days and regular events across each of our sites;
Exposure to CI/CD practices
Strong understanding of Data Modelling Concepts
NSW Health Pathology are currently seeking a Scientific Officer – Cytotechnologist to join team in the Anatomical Pathology Department at Wollongong Hospital on a Permanent Part Time basis.
The successful applicant must have ASC Certification in Non-Gyane samples and be willing to be trained and participate in a Cytopathology/Histopathology rotational roster to support Anatomical Pathology operations.
Knowledge or background in Finance or Insurance industries.
Cyber Security - DevSecOps, Penetration Testing, Multi-Cloud Security, Security Posture Analysis
Translate business requirements analytics and reporting into dimensional models
There will be 3 groups that will report into you Analytics and data science teamGamification teamSupport team
Our dedication to fostering a work environment where people feel like they're making a difference every single day
and we as Datagamz are proud to be the leading employee engagement software globally.
  
Develop self-service data dashboards
ASX 100 Listed Technology company growing globally with Australian based exec team. 
Opportunity to work across a modern cloud-first technology stack including Azure Synapse Analytics, Azure Databricks, and Azure Data Factory
Implemented data quality measurement and monitoring tools or frameworks.
Together, we are improving lives, every day.
Boeing Defence Australia is shaping the future of aerospace and delivering some of the nation's most important programs for the Australian Defence Force.
As a BDA employee, you will join other innovative, ethical people who have the critical skills required to develop and deliver world class capabilities and systems to protect Australia and its national interests. 
Joining us is a chance to make your mark, working with a diverse team that is united in pushing the boundaries of imagination and excellence.
Provide the executive function to the Advisory, Executive and Steering Committees.
You will evaluate, establish, and develop animal models of respiratory disease and associated complications for proof-of-concept and proof-of-mechanism studies.
You will work with an extended team across different areas within CSL and external collaborations.
Work with a team that supports growth and career development
Salary: $96,002 - $103,921 (UOM 7)
We love what we do, aren't afraid to take action, constantly put our hands up for challenges and celebrate the uniqueness of our community.
Most importantly, we bring our best.
Sponsored certifications across all our partner technology vendors.
Attractive VPS 5.1 salary between $102,637 - $113,410 + 10% superannuation
We are an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) company and actively seek diversity and a broad range of experience in our team.
Experience in CRM systems
Strong skill set associated with data analysis, data mapping, data modelling, cleansing and data migration activities. 
Ideally you enjoy finding innovative solutions to improve or expand our service offerings to our clients.  
The role works closely with clients, product owners and the database team to focus on meeting client needs and strives to meet the accuracy needed to meet milestones and timelines.  
To be successful you will have ability in the SQL Server T-SQL, and strong experience in data analysis and migration.
Own our digital marketing channels
Work alongside teams within the business and management to establish business needs.
Managing daily processes relating to data sourcing and maintenance, including SFTP file retrieval and upload;
Work for a business helping millions of Australian’s and make a difference to someone’s life every day
Develop and adopt best practice agile development project methodology
Strong data analysis e.g.,
sql, and familiar with using dataframes, spark, python etc
The Australian Urban Research Infrastructure Network (AURIN) is a national research infrastructure initiative funded by the Federal Government.
This initiative created a national infrastructure to access and act upon data to support research and decision making, and to enhance the environmental, social and economic sustainability of the Australian urban and built environment.
Be passionate about being the best in your chosen field
Advertised: 22 Nov 2021 12:05 AM AUS Eastern Daylight Time
We work to be the sustainable link to the future.
For more than 140 years, our company has been leading the industry of high-technology cables & systems for energy and telecommunications.
Spanning 50 countries (in North America, Europe, MEAT, LATAM, APAC), 104 plants, 25 research and development centers, and with about 30,000 employees, we’ve a strategic footprint that allows us to service emerging markets and communities across the globe with ease.
Our business model is diversified by portfolio and geographical area.
Today we drive the energy transition and worldwide digitalization.
7+ years’ experience working in Data Engineering and Warehousing.
Immediate Start
These roles are remote so you’ll have flexibility in where you work.
To ensure the best student experience, there shouldn’t be more than 48 hours between logging in.
The expected workload commitment for the OLA role is 6-12 hours per week and the OUC role is between 9-18 hours per week, depending on unit availability.
You should be proactive and dependable and have a remote working environment that enables you to provide high-level support to the students.
High level written and verbal communication skills
High level of proficiency writing SQL
12+ months' engagement working with a fast-paced consulting firm
At NAB, we believe success comes from our people.
We're committed to supporting your talent and skills through your career, as you help us build a culture that affects change for our customers - and for the community too.
Your role will allow you to work from home, the office and at client sites on a pre-agreed arrangement
3+ years of experience in Python Programming and cloud data engineering.
Your skills and experience
Note that this is an early career (0-5 years experience) position and a competitive salary will be offered commensurate with experience, demonstrated capabilities and qualifications.
If you are a recent graduate with limited experience we suggest that you include information that helps you stand out from the crowd.
Experience with big data technologies/ cloud data platforms
Well established, rapidly growing Australian business
Good knowledge or interest in financial instruments and investments data.
Introducing Finance Services    
Support data collection activities such as survey administration and formal data requests from government agencies
Experience with the Microsoft BI stack, including SSRS, SSAS and SSIS
The successful incumbent will be responsible for conducting advanced statistical analysis using a variety of quantitative data sources including insurance claims data, crash data and other data required for monitoring road trauma trends and the promotion of road safety, including market and social research survey data (road safety attitudes and behaviour. 
Bachelor of Applied Science or equivalent
Working across our internal and customer environments, building robust solutions and providing specialist engineering support needs all your natural super powers to be at the ready.
Take ownership of the end-to-end process from requirements gathering to implementation
You’ will be working with senior economists and IT program professionals to deliver a bespoke and high profile analytics and reporting system which is critical to the Bank’s work.
how your skills, knowledge and experience will be relevant to this role
Monday 6 December 2021 at 6pm (in Canberra)
Promote a culture of data-driven decision-making, using compelling arguments and evidence to persuade stakeholders toward mutually beneficial outcomes.
What you will do:
Strong programming skills and ability to learn new programming techniques and languages, including;

Ability to understand and write Unix scripts, perl scripts & Java


Self-managed person who has the ability to work within tight project timeframes.
Annual Performance and Potential practices ensuring discretionary effort doesn't go unnoticed, and
Identifying what data is available and relevant for analysis across various data sources
You’ll also have an fantastic opportunity to learn and work with some of the most talented data engineers  and data scientist in WA on big and important challenges that matter to Western Australians
Opportunity to be part of a life-saving organisation 
SQL Server database development experience, with 3 years performance tuning and database architecture experience
Exposure to CI/CD
Building dashboards for Technology Services to present a visualisation of Material Risk analysis
Salary: Commensurate with experience
You have experience in analytics, insights or other quantitative analysis within a corporate environment.
You can work with complex data and statistical analysis using relevant tools.
You have experience in SAS/SQL.
Experience with data visualisation with Tableau or other tools would be advantageous.
You have excellent communication and interpersonal skills including critical reasoning.
You can work effectively both individually and as a team member.
Your knowledge and understanding of the Australian health sectors would be desirable but not essential.
Altis Consulting is very excited to announce that we're growing, and part of that growth is adding talent that will contribute to our success and help shape our future.
We are seeking Lead Data Engineers to join our Sydney office.
A true dual role with both consulting and hands-on project responsibilities being involved in developing strategies & roadmaps and delivering cloud solutions in AWS and Snowflake.
Cloudcon is looking for bright, personable individuals to be involved in the analysis and delivery of software solutions to its clients.
Develop, implement, maintain and support the newly created data lake and data warehouse on Azure landscape;
Job closes - 8th December 2021
A work your way approach to flexible working (including remote work and flex work options) 
As A&S Labels Analytics Specialist, you’ll work closely with the executive team to support the growth of our business globally by providing actionable insights and recommendations.
Your analysis will provide valuable insight that continues to assist with our growth goals and global scalability.
This role is highly collaborative and will create partnerships across many of our business units. 
You thrive in a collaborative, fast-paced work environment with multiple competing priorities
Must have prior experience in a similar capacity, particularly in Marketing or Digital campaign analysis
Be approachable and assist team members to solve complex data related problems
Passion – we want you to want it, to have a true desire to learn and motivation to improve yourself and your skills every day
Must have worked on migrating various projects from premise databases to confidential Redshift, RDS and S3.
Excellent communication skills - both written and verbal
The speed of change is throwing traditional business methods into question and disrupting the relevance of entire industries.
Capgemini, a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services, is at the forefront of innovation and well placed to address opportunities for our clients in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms.
Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organisations to realise their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations.
Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people.
Today, it is a multicultural company with over 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries.
With Altran, the Group reported 2020 combined revenues of EUR 15.8 billion. 
Learn more about us at www.capgemini.com.
Current registration and membership of relevant professional bodies
Coach and influence team members to incorporate data analysis and/or insights to their day-to-day action plans
Regularly review and audit data sources to identify gaps in data and ensure accuracy and consistency
This is an exciting opportunity to bring your specialist Power BI skills to be a subject matter and coaching expert to the team, being the ‘go to’ person, working with key clients to drive their success, providing them with your reporting expertise.
Australian Clinical Labs was created through the merger of Healthscope, St John of God and Perth Pathology.
Through the long term relationships with these organisations and our public hospital contacts, Clinical Labs is now the leading provider of Hospital/Specialist pathology services in Australia. 
You will be working in state-of-the-art offices in a central location, within an organisation who pride themselves on a great culture and working conditions.
You will be working in a dynamic environment with the latest technology.
You have worked with API's and understand how to pull data from large databases (ERP's, CRM's, ATS') and load it into a new system
Design principles
Skills & Abilities: 
Initial 6-month contract, with a view to extend
All progress begins with pioneers.
At Rio Tinto, it begins with you.
Data Analyst - Remediation3
X DA roles within the Customer Remediation Team12 Months Contracts with potential to extend
Does this sound like you?
Experience using code repositories, e.g. GitHub.
Our network of more than 200 leading news media brands such as The Canberra Times, Newcastle Herald, The Border Mail and The Bendigo Advertiser serves millions of people across Australia.
More recently, ACM and Real Estate View have formed a joint venture to build a market-leading, multi-faceted property media and data business.
Please refer to www.realestateview.com.au to find out more.
Degree in Business / Finance or other related field (applicants in final year of study will be considered)
Data Scientist
As one of Australia's largest providers of human resources solutions, Chandler Macleod has a proven track record of unleashing potential in people and companies.
For over 40 years Chandler Macleod's recruitment business has connected leading-edge projects and employers with outstanding business professionals.
Apply by clicking on “Apply Now” and submit your cover letter and resume.....
yes we love a good cover letter!!
In return for your talent we offer: 
Join a passionate engineering team that loves everything about data
At Dermalogica we value innovation, commitment, and excellence.
Our tribe embody our core values, are passionate about innovation, and are passionate about educating and delivering outstanding services to our customers.
We believe in our people and what they are capable of and we offer a suite of rewards including:
What you’ll do
Be part of the team shaping operations for EG Australia.
Apply Now. 
Work closely with team members to understand data sets and the data warehouse environment
Experience with data retrieval, cleaning and modeling, quant analysis and visualization
Senior Data Systems Engineers are responsible for building the systems that Lexer uses to process and analyse large volumes of incoming customer data at scale.
They are responsible for making customer data available for analysis, segmentation and integration with other platforms.
engage with technical experts from a number of source systems to identify and document their data holdings.
Cover Letter
Australian Communications and Media Authority
Find out more about Macquarie careers at www.macquarie.com/careers 
Provide analysis and support for the developing business cases and business improvement plans.
Progress your career and join a dynamic team envionment!
·       Support for parents with 14 weeks paid primary carers leave
Extensive experience working with SQL across a variety of sources along with ability to write complex SQL queries.
Health and wellbeing programs including access to an employee assistance program
COVID-19
Working knowledge of contemporary business intelligence architecture, databases, developing semantic models
Duration: 12-month fixed-term appointment
Develop variety of models – such as propensity models and measurement models to improve marketing effectiveness
Ability to perform under pressure and manage multiple projects at one time
A passion for making a difference
We’re a winning team and we attract the best: challengers, innovators, and seriously fun individuals with big hearts.
At Virgin Australia Group, we pride ourselves on recruiting the right people to join our team and help us rise to the challenges ahead.
No matter our role – we are united by our ambition to be the most loved airline in Australia, and always go one step further for our customers, colleagues and our wider community.
Must have Hands-on experience with tools and techniques for analysis, data manipulation and presentation (SQL, Power BI, Tableau and similar tools)
Manage ad-hoc client queries maintaining good written and verbal communication skills.
Work closely with clients and business stakeholders to determine the best solution to small and large-scale data and analytics problems. 
Enjoys start-up culture: team over individual, flexibility surrounding assignments, and solving problems within, or outside of, formal duties
Most importantly, you are innovative, creative and curious with a strong growth mindset and have a willingness to believe in and work towards the enterprise purpose and vision.
Fixed Term - 24 months
Build reports and dashboards that work reliably for the business and are accurate;
Working in a fairly flat management structure, you will get the opportunity to work with senior stakeholders and make an impact with the work you will be doing.
If you’re looking for an opportunity to work for a Financial Services organisation which offers growth and development and has a great culture, then this is the role for you!
Familiarity with cloud platforms like AWS - using Linux, EC2 and S3
Provide regular updates on relevant analyses, reports. products and other ad hoc requests to the Analytics Team Lead/Manager and to the broader Data, Intelligence, Modelling and Epidemiology (DIME) team.
But we don't just look for someone based on their skills and expertise.
It's our connection, acceptance and genuine care for each other that makes REA a great place to work.
That means you also need to be:
Ensure integrity and accuracy of data models by developing data quality checks, reconciliation processes and thorough testing practices
Create pipeline templates for reusability.
Deploy pipelines through DevOps Process (Azure DevOps, Git)
Demonstrated experience working within a defined development lifecycle, including a path to production framework where BI content is progressively moved from lower environments (e.g. Dev, Test, Pre-Prod) prior to deployment into a production environment for business user consumption.
Analysing and understanding a client's business and data to create data models to the required business specifications.
Data warehousing and Business Intelligence experience is preferred
Working with business groups to identify key reporting metrics and KPIs and providing input into delivery through report prototyping, dashboards, documentation of business rules and validation of delivered reports.
Data streaming technologies (Kafka, NiFi, Spark)
Western Health do not accept unsolicited resumes/applications from Recruitment Agencies.
Detailed reporting on billing/meter data using Power BI
Career Progression
Start date - asap
Delivering a data analysis over a diverse range of data sources and formats, including structured, multi-structured, and unstructured
Experience in building and optimising data pipelines involving diverse data sources using code.
Proven experience applying AI and ML techniques for commercial outcomes
Experience with full MLM (model lifecycle management)
Assist with all other ad
hoc insights request
Sound understanding of BI/Reporting best practices/methodologies
Experience with enterprise integration tools, middleware technologies and application and data integration patterns including ESB, MOM, JMS, SOAP/REST web services, databases, ETL.
Ensure reliable performance of the data warehouse through continual monitoring, performance tuning and intelligent scheduling of workloads.
With plans to transform the Australian retail and industrial landscape, comes a big responsibility.
We see a future where we are leaders in the data and digital space.
It’s why we’ve been working hard to accelerate the development of data, digital and analytics capabilities across our businesses.
We’re building a shared data asset for strategic use cases, right in the heart of Melbourne at our Advanced Analytics Centre – a space designed for the best and brightest as they shape our data and digital journey.
Demonstration of data types and structures is essential
Work with external vendors and data providers to develop data assets in on premise Data Warehouse and on the Cloud platform
Applications close as soon as we think we’ve found the next Painted Dog so get to it!   
Safe Work Australia
Further information on our growing businesses can be found at www.seek.com.au.
Fitzroy location
Build the software-based solution by crunching historical data to create the most efficient advertising solution.
Competitive base salary plus annual incentive program.
At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential.
Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. 
We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles.
Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.  
Experience working in a Cloud environment – AWS/AZURE/GCP
Performance – make today better, stronger and faster than yesterday.
Servian, is an award-winning, regional, and global tech consultancy with a rich heritage in Data, DevOps, Digital app dev, Machine Learning, and cloud.
We embrace innovation, change, and the positive impact it has on us and our clients.
All roles at Servian involve personal and technical development pathways which aim to facilitate your career growth.
We aim to build an employee experience where you will grow more with us, not be drowned out by the loudest voice, and hence we strive to set you up for a career that will have a greater impact.
Critical thinker with strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Established in 2003, Data Agility is an expert Analytics and Information Management firm.
Our purpose is to provide expertise to clients that enable them to improve performance and resolve business issues through the effective application of data.
Hands on coding experience required on the job
What we Offer
Access to their 24/7 gym
💻 Modern workplace and equipment
Access to our Wellbeing Benefits and Perpetual Discounts providing discounts and special offers on entertainment, clothing, homeware, gift cards, technology, travel, dining and more
Intermediate customer service skills.
A separate document addressing each essential and desirable bullet point in the Key Selection Criteria which is located in the position description.
Bring commercial experience in implementing and supporting new and exciting cloud networking concepts and solutions.
You will have strong SQL skills and Python for scripting
Excellent knowledge of a range of predictive and descriptive modelling techniques
Reviewing the coding of serious ADR reports and extracting additional information for data analysis.
Knowledge of ETL through a wide variety of sources (e.g. APIs, SQL servers, on-premise data gateway)
Databases, data lakes and enterprise data warehousing
Experience and expertise delivering predictive analytical projects,
Demonstrated recent industry experience in the above field/s
Provide technical leadership and development of Azure data related development projects.
Nice to haves:
Essential Requirements
High level knowledge and understanding of Infrastructure and Electricity Networks
Have fun while you work – enjoy regular social and team activities
Ensure high safety standards are adhered to as governed by CSL’s policies and directives 
A working knowledge of BIML.
Utilise Azure DevOps for CI/CD across environment and platform deployments.
Applications with academic transcripts can be emailed to careers@guerdonassociates.com. 
Exposure to an impressive set of stakeholders as you build out the future phases of the program
2+ years hands-on experience with the Dell Boomi including the AtomSphere integration platform will be highly regarded
The company Join an international industry leading SaaS company looking to build out and expand their data science capabilities.  
The role As the Data Scientist, you will play a key role in driving advanced machine learning and analytic models, to help discover information that's hidden in vast amounts of data, allowing us to make smarter decisions to deliver even better products.
You will be strategically partnering with a range of stakeholders in a data driven company.     
What We Offer You
Facilitate technology transfer and provide technical support to Production/QC.
Flexible and adaptable; able to work in ambiguous situations
Undertake analysis of DFR Recruitment Operations to determine significant variances, which need to be brought to the attention of Senior Managers.
Cabrini offers
We are looking for someone with the following qualifications and skills:
Defining technical solutions to meet business and non-functional requirements
To be successful:    
About Fugro
Ability to engage with stakeholders and identify options for extracting value from data given fuzzy requirements.
DiversityWe acknowledge the importance of our people’s diverse experiences, talents and cultures.
Embracing diversity and creating inclusion is a key component of our talent strategy.
The creation of a diverse, inclusive workforce is central to our ability to unlock potential and enhance our success.
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply for this vacancy.
Mastery of the following analytical tools: modeling and reporting in Excel/Access and SQL
Ability to work well in a fast-paced environment with a positive attitude;
A passion for using data and information to make a real difference
Security clearance
The Finite group is a multi-award-winning consultancy recognised across Australia and New Zealand for excellence in recruitment for the technology consultancy space.
We have 20 years of year on year success.
Our teams specialise in the following areas of technology recruitment (contract and permanent):
DevOps | Business Intelligence | Big Data | Analytics | Infrastructure | Engineering | Digital; iOS Android|
Front End
Development| Back
End Development | UX | UI | Research | Project Management | Change Management | AdOps | Service Delivery |
This is a full-time role to be based in New Zealand or Australia with the possibility of combined home/office-based arrangements to have flexible work-life balance.
Currently, there is a brand new opportunity for an experienced Data Modeller.
The Data Modeller will be responsible for the creation and maintenance of the Enterprise Data Models for our Snowflake data warehouse that supports their data products ranging from Business Intelligence reporting through to our data science machine learning pipelines.
Creating and maintaining continuous delivery pipelines using current practices, patterns & tooling
Experience in one or more of the following: Python / Scala, SQL, Shell Experience with container technologies (Docker, K8s), Agile development, Infrastructure as code and CI tools.
Advanced open source programming skills including Python and R
Contribute to the design of deliverables that meet the BI reporting and data product needs of the business
Employee Private Health Insurance discount
Diverse project work, expand on your technical skills
We’re Judo Bank.
A challenger bank, built on old-fashioned values like integrity, trusted relationships and an enterprising spirit.
Born out of a desire to reinvent the craft of relationship banking to the Small to Medium Enterprise (SME) market, and to challenge the status quo in a market dominated by the four major banks.
Applications close on Thursday 16th December at 9:00am.
Anticipate difficulties and identify contingency plans
Support in the preparation and validation of information in the Monthly Performance Report ensuring accurate and timely reporting.
Comfortable with version control tools (Git / Github).
Fun and quirky celebrations and team events.
Mapping of current and future state business processes (As-Is and To-Be)
Strong experience with MS SQL Integration services  
Identify gaps in current availability of data to delivery solution and propose recommendations to address these including new definitions, metrics, dimensions or metadata.
https://www.lexisnexis.com.au/en [link removed]
Working as part of multi-disciplinary squads to design, develop and deliver a range of data engineering products
Knowledge of data principles and methods to manage data sets
Work in close collaboration with the Manager and team members and with other Branch and Divisional members, and operating entities to contribute to strategic planning, policy development, service delivery, and decision making
Highly self-motivated with an analytical outlook and strong problem-solving skills and the ability to exercise mature judgment.
Strong communicator
Liaise with strategy and campaign managers to ensure the brief and creative requirements can be met
About You 
ETL development of identified datasets including functional specification, data modelling, system design, test plan and unit testing of the ETL modules for end to end data accuracy.
Knowledge of Agile development is required.
Please apply via the link below. 
Commercial hands-on experience with coding languages such as Python, Scala, and SQL are essential.
2.
Graphical visualization of data for operational and executive reporting and presentations /Power
BI /Tableaus
3+ years demonstrated experience working in a Data Engineering role
engaging with our stakeholders to deliver accurate and insightful reporting and analytics about things that matter
Taking ownership of projects from concept to launch and being able to execute
Maintaining well organised documentation of developed solutions
For further information please visit the Department of Health <https://www.vic.gov.au/department-health>
High level of written and verbal communication skills.
Maintain and promote standard and ethical work practices and methodologies when working on data engineering
Organised, ability to work under pressure and deliver to project deadlines
Permanent Full-Time position with career development opportunities.
Identify missing data (requiring new sensors/new data sources) that might lead to new pipeline candidates for data science implementation
Safety policies and procedures knowledge
Large Enterprise Environments
If you share our customer-first culture and enjoy influencing stakeholders, & meet a number of requirements (and not all), we encourage you to submit your application #work180 
         Highly developed communication (both written and verbal) and interpersonal skills to ensure positive professional relationships with Clients, Senior Executives and Employees;
Improve ongoing ‘run’ processes through proper data modelling and pipeline automation (e.g. VBOT, turnover processing, and seasonal adjustment).
Take advantage of our generous employee discount and pawrental leave and much, much more!!
Your new roleThe company is placing increased focus on data as a core focus for their business strategy.
They're keen to mature their data engineering and data warehousing environment from legacy, on premise SQL server data warehouses to more modern cloud solutions based on the Azure toolset of data technologies (e.g. Synapse and Data Factory).
They are at the start of their journey in this space, so you will be keen to own this transformation and uplift in maturity.
You will have full ownership and empowerment to own this role and make it your own.
Experience working in an Agile environment that leverages, Scrum, Kanban, Lean or similar approaches
Work in both data and policy teams.
All levels and skillsets required.
Provides the base from which to perform advanced statistical and analytic techniques, and
5 years Data Engineering experience
A keen interest in Online Retail would be advantageous
Adam Saunders on adam.saunders@empiregroup.com.au Shane Driver - shane.driver@empiregroup.com.au
Data & Analytics - BI/DWH, Big Data Analytics, Data Engineering, Data Science and Advanced Analytics
Robust understanding of Tableau and Power BI reporting and data architecture.
Some frontend/web experience is favourable: Basic HTML, CSS and JavaScript, but frameworks also welcome. 
Roles can be located across Australia Perth, Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, Brisbane.
Excellent MS Excel skills, specifically related to managing large amounts of data & data reconciliation
Formulating clear data addressable problem statements from current business problems
Please click the Apply button to submit your application via Careers.
Vic, attaching the following documents:
Applicant response:
Ongoing training and professional learning & development opportunities.
Tertiary qualifications of at least a Bachelor Degree in Science/Medical Laboratory Science, with subjects relevant to pathology or an equivalent recognised qualification relevant to Medical Laboratory Science or relevant specialty
As part of the Data Delivery Technology team, reporting to the Engineering Manager, you’ll offer ongoing support to your team and provide expert advice to internal and external stakeholders across the business.
5+ years of demonstrable technical data analyst experience in delivery of projects
Attribute the impact of multi-channel campaigns and implementing innovative strategies for improvement
Ready to take the lead?
Here is what we need from you:
Responsible for supporting the establishment and operation of the Data Science governance framework, including committees, policies, procedures, decision matrices, reporting and risk management
Manage data infrastructure CI/CD pipelines 
Reporting and data governance: setting governance structures and ensuring compliance
Degree in Data Science or Statistics highly regarded
At Global Marketplace our team culture is highly valued, and the successful candidate will embody our values of Integrity, Dedication, Evolution, Action, and Support. 
Study in a creative work space in central Sydney
Ability to lead, manage and motivate a team, engage and influence stakeholders at all levels
Superior time management skills, ability to focus on multiple assignments, prioritise and complete tasks to a high standard.
Attractive employee share scheme.
ETL tools (eg Talend)
If you're excited about working with a close-knit team of highly motivated people, submit your CV and a cover letter telling us specifically what draws you to Elula, what draws you to the job, and what distinguishes you from others.
Servian is the largest privately owned data consultancy in Australia.
We embrace innovation and change, and the positive impact it has for us and our clients.
All roles at Servian involve personal and technical development and career growth, so speak to us about how we can work together.
As a Data Engineer, you will be working as part of our Engineering Team on our NextGen Cloud Native data eco-system.
You’ll be part of an agile team (SCRUM framework) working alongside other Data & DevOps Engineers, Data Scientists/Analysts,
Data Warehousing/Modelling specialists.  
Advancing our data capabilities while partnering with business teams and vendors.  
Working closely with Architecture & Cyber teams to ensure security and compliance are met and well architected patterns/practices/principals are followed.
 Who are we looking for?
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to liaise with senior/executive trading staff. 
While we appreciate all interest in our business, we won’t engage with or accept candidates from agencies or consulting firms on this occasion.  
Get an extra wellness day holiday every year.
You have a strong ability to communicate directly with clients to understand and confirm details of information requests and present insights statistically, visually, and in easy-to-understand language.  
           Review   the quarterly and annual APRA data, perform quality checks to the source   documents and provide feedback ensuring all regulatory APRA returns are   lodged accurately and on time.
FDM embraces diversity and encourages applications from people with disability.
Candidates will have the opportunity to request support or reasonable adjustments during the recruitment process in order to demonstrate their ability to meet the inherent requirements of the job.
What you’ll be working on
Familiarity working with version control and CI-CD systems using git (Gitlab/ Github)
Knowledge of road safety research, principles and practice
Professional development opportunities, including assignment and secondment opportunities, internal and external learning opportunities and Victorian Public Sector employee networks (e.g. diversity & inclusion groups, new ways of working group, etc)
Experience with ERP systems (TechnologyOne, Oracle Peoplesoft etc.) desired.
Support development and insights projects that at their core help our clients learn more about their customers, locations and competitors
Sophisticated open plan workspaces in a 5-star rated building
A career that gives you more!
What you'll bring 
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages:
Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.
Mining / Production Systems & Infrastructure Implementation experience
Strong skills and experience in building data assets using a leading data integration/ETL tool such as;


IBM’s DataStage, Informatica, Talend, or Oracle’s Data Integrator


Experience with Big Data and advanced analytics solutions.
Experienced in at least one major Linux platform
Launched in 2013, Sidekicker is Australia and New Zealand’s largest online staffing platform, using technology to radically improve how businesses hire and manage casual, temporary and contract staff. 
Personal Skills•    Working with rapidly evolving designs and requirements •    Working well within a team •    
Excellent interpersonal skills •    
Curious mind and strong problem-solving skills 
•    
Autonomy, responsibility and striving to make a difference •    
Positive, can-do attitude with a clear sense of initiative 
•    
Takes responsibility and accountability for the overall solution •    
Strong focus on creating testable software, using standards and conventions to ensure quality •    Practitioner and coach of technical practices such as clean code and pair programming •    
Good understanding of secure coding practices, and knowledge of mitigating common vulnerabilities 
Strong Scala, Python and SQL
About the OpportunityDue to considerable growth within our business, we now have an exciting opportunity available for an experienced Data Analyst to join our team based in Seven Hills NSW 2147.
About Biochemistry  The Biochemistry Department is a major section of St Vincent's Pathology, performing and supporting the results of specialist studies and analysis including molecular biology (PCR), protein electrophoresis, immunochemistry, specific IgE assays, chromatography, immunosuppressant monitoring, breath testing, autoimmune serology, blood gases and automated general biochemical analysis.
The department is closely integrated with St Vincent's Pathology Point of Care Testing (POCT) services and is the pathology centre for co-ordination of Clinical Trials and Contract Testing.  
Working at St Vincent's  St Vincent's Hospital Melbourne (SVHM) is a leading teaching, research and tertiary health service.
SVHM provides a diverse range of adult clinical services and is driven by values of Compassion, Justice, Integrity and Excellence.  
Application  Please attach your resume and cover letter to your application.  
Shortlisting for this position will commence immediately.
We encourage you to apply promptly as the advertisement may close early should a suitable applicant be sourced.  
We encourage applications from people of all backgrounds and abilities.
Inclusion is essential to our mission and diversity reflects the community we serve.  
Please visit our website, for further information regarding our Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Employment at SVHM.  
SVHA has a duty of care under work health and safety legislation to eliminate and/or control the risk of transmission of vaccine preventable diseases in healthcare settings.
You may therefore be required to undergo mandatory immunisations/vaccinations (including flu vaccinations).  
This position is subject to a Victorian government direction regarding vaccination against COVID-19.
Successful applicants must meet these vaccination requirements.
Please contact us if you would like to know more.
Does this role sound like the challenge you are looking for?
Click ‘apply now” and start your career with Tronox today!  
A track record of delivering high-quality, robust data solutions spanning system integration, pipeline monitoring, and data quality management and rectification.
Bachelor Degree or higher degree in Science/Medical Laboratory Science or an equivalent qualification, with subjects relevant to pathology from a recognised tertiary institution.
Practical experience with data pipeline tools in the cloud and on-premise such as Nifi and ACE
Full time permanent role based at our Jetstar HQ in Collingwood
Wesfarmers strives to create an inclusive and diverse work environment that promotes the development of our people irrespective of gender, ethnicity, generation, flexible work status, family circumstances, sexual orientation, or disability.
Your core responsibilities will include the following:
At Bayer we support your career. 
Ready to join our team?
Click Apply.
For more information about this role and the innovative suite of benefits on offer, get in contact with our Talent Acquisition Team via jobs.anz@bayer.com .
We look forward to hearing from you.
Promote and create space for the adoption and development of good technical practices within the business
Strong stakeholder engagement and relationship management skills.
Leading the design, development and delivery of systems to solve common data migration problems across all unification teams.
MUST HAVE :
Tableau / Alteryx experience
Build SEM, Google ads strategies
How to applyFor more information or a confidential discussion
please call Steven Fulop at u&u Greater Western Sydney on 0418 994 446 quoting Job Reference 25226 or alternatively, apply online below.
We look forward to receiving your application and assisting you with your job search.
Please submit your resume in Word format only.
Generous provisions for personal leave, annual leave loading, and the ability to purchase additional annual leave
You gotta love this stuff
Great communication skills with experience working with technical and business BA's to take down requirements.
Ability to write clear and concise documentation and software requirements including user stories and acceptance criteria
Supporting end customers of our data assets (finding & understanding data, tuning queries, resolving data quality issues)
The acquisition is an exciting milestone in Ceridian and Ascender’s journey to scale and accelerate global growth.
Develop metrics, monitoring and alerting to bring improved observability into existing platform.
Work collaboratively with business stakeholders to design, build and support the production of predictive data model pipelines, data-modelling and machine learning related activities.
Work with colleagues in partnership with clients who are committed to achieving their business objective
Conducting quality assurance checks on a range of datasets
Hands-on IT management
It is the policy of Schneider Electric to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities in the areas of recruiting, hiring, training, transferring, and promoting all qualified individuals regardless of race, religion, color, gender, disability, national origin, ancestry, age, military status, sexual orientation, marital status, or any other legally protected characteristic or conduct.
Concerning agencies: Schneider Electric does not accept unsolicited resumes and will not be responsible for fees related to such.
Ability to learn and use new technologies quickly & effectively
Proficient with Jira 
Excellent UX/UI skills with expertise in Figma or equivalent
Collaborating with the broader Finance team as well as other business partners to advance the vision and strategy of the Finance team and the broader business
Travel to and work at client sites when needed
Experience with PaaS, IaaS and Serverless services.  
Prior experience with Big Query, GCP and AWS desirable
Support the growth of data acumen and self-service analytic solutions throughout Auto & General, providing training and support as solutions are embedded;
Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade
Experience with chemical analysis (e.g. liquid chromatography, spectroscopic techniques).
We deliver Utility Bill Solutions to automate manual processes, improve data visibility, integrity, and control.
We aim to be the preferred RPA Utility Expense Management provider in every market we serve.
Strategy development, problem solving, analytical and conceptual skills to identify opportunities and drive business growth
Proficiency in SQL, Snowflake or other similar programs
Previous experience in a customer facing role at a SaaS company
Assist with event planning, coordination and execution
Female candidates are encouraged to apply
Identify new pipeline candidates for data science implementation
Manage numerous Corporate Research, Evaluation and Statistics (CRES) data and reporting activities pertaining to contemporary trends and issues in corrections.
About the client
General Enquiries:
Please contact Annabelle Corley referencing the advertised position and requisition number, via email
annabelle.corley@tafensw.edu.au
A proven ability to effectively communicate, educate and influence the business stakeholders, while working in collaboration with other cross-functional engineering teams will be highly essential.
Essential 
Defining and promoting best practices for implementing, managing, and governing integrations.
Continually look to improve on business processes, new strategic    business initiatives and organisation priorities;
Determine the future demand of application development resources based on changing business needs
 Responsibilities include:
Analytical thinker with demonstrated problem-solving skills and attention to detail
Design and implement machine learning models (ML Ops) for use across Marketing, Pricing and Credit
Department of Communities and Justice
GraphQL – (Required)
Provide stable and operational digital platforms to the customer
Experience with Power BI, Tableau or similar data visualization tools
         An attractive remuneration package, including reward and recognition programs
BI Tool experience (Ideally PowerBI)
The remuneration and governance graduate analyst position provides research and quantitative support to senior analysts and consultants who are experts in the specialised field of executive remuneration and board governance.
Automating applications and infrastructure environments
Joining a great team culture where contractors work collaboratively alongside permanent APS staff
The role
This position will be based in Sydney, Australia and will report directly into the Chief Marketing Officer (CMO)
Provision of advice to clients on approaches to solving complex business problems through the application of technology and data analysis.
Experience in a pathology laboratory or similar environment 
Expertise in one or more of the following: Joint C4 / Land C4, Space, Cyber, Tactical Data Links, Cryptography,
30/07/22 (possible extension)
For further information about the role, please contact stephen.joyce@tasnetworks.com.au 
We know that diversity fosters greater innovation and better customer connection, so we strive to create an inclusive and diverse work environment.
This means promoting the development of our people and fostering a sense of belonging irrespective of gender, ethnicity, generation, flexible work status, family circumstances, sexual orientation or disability.
Manage database design and data engineering framework for proposed data reporting architecture
Enable data products to be consumed by-products & marketing.
Proven experience with the development of data streaming and processing pipelines using Python, Apache Kafka, Apache NiFi, any Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) based python data orchestration platform or similar technologies essential.
Click on www.tnasolutions.com to learn more about the organization.
Experience with programming in Python and working with business intelligence and visualisation tools
(e.g. Tableau, Power BI);
Undertake experimental planning, management, execution, reporting and presentation of study outcomes to key internal and external stakeholders
6 + 12 + 12 months (Baseline security clearance required)
Develop and maintain data dictionary
evolving new tech, with great culture and amazing leadership groups.
The pathway to growth and
Who we're looking for:
A supportive leadership team
The Data Scientist role sits within the Artificial Intelligence Platform Services (AIPS) team.
The team is structured into cross-disciplinary squads with members from Data Science, Strategy and Engineering who work together to research, design, build and support end-to-end machine learning based services delivering direct value to hirers and job seekers.
Experience with software developmentRESTful
APIsTest
Driven Development
Experience architecting and delivering solutions in cloud technologies such as Azure, AWS, Google Cloud or Snowflake
Foster and build sustainable relationships with internal and external stakeholders to gain support for the implementation of business reforms and to increase staff commitment to service delivery.
Highly experienced in SQL database development and end-to-end ETL processes
Experience writing unit and integration tests in API driven development
Key accountabilities:
Experience with large datasets and data linkage is preferred.
Use the latest AI and cloud technologies, including serverless and containerised computing
A minimum of 3 years of relevant experience in business intelligence (power bi), business analysis or data analytics
Preparing results and presenting analysis in formats suitable for a range of audiences
About you: You are passionate about data with a keen eye for detail.
You think laterally and creatively to solve problems and love rolling up the sleeves to break problems down to the most granular level.
Additionally, you will  hold a tertiary qualification in Business or commerce or mathematics or engineering and an understanding of commercial and strategic principles and concepts.  
Your ability to influence and communicate with all levels throughout the organisation, prior analytical experience, and the ability to work within a dynamic and ever changing environment, will contribute your success in this role. 
Interested? 
We are looking for candidates that have a passion for data and reporting and can easily pick up new tools and concepts.
If this is like you, then please apply below. 
Generous Parental leave.
You’ll be passionate about bringing your expertise on board with us and sharing with others to educate and uplift teams on DevOps and Cloud Engineering practices.
Ability to operate across culture with virtual teams dispersed globally
Australian working rights
Excellent written and verbal communication - particularly around translating technical information for a range of audiences.
An additional day of leave just for your birthday
You have Degree qualifications in a relevant discipline, such as Computer or Information Science, Mathematical Sciences, Systems Analysis, Statistical and Data Analysis or a lesser qualification with extensive experience in a related discipline to Business Intelligence. 
Azure Machine Learning Services, SQL, git, jupyter notebooks experience mandatory.
Working as part of our Data Engineering and Applied Intelligence team, you will be responsible for leading, designing and developing a suite of data analytics solutions that will enable the Australian Defence Force to more effectively operate, maintain and sustain its platforms.
Western Suburbs
A wealth of experience in commercial complex data science/advanced analytics, with a specialist skill set.
•
Ongoing assignment • 4:3 + 5:2, FIFO, adhoc site travel , WFH• 40-48 hour per week
Experience working with SQL and non-SQL technologies
Cover letter (maximum 3 pages) summarising how you meet the key selection criteria in the position description
A degree in actuarial science, stats, or comp sci with Actuarial qualifications (AIAA/FIAA or equivalent)
About the Role
The skills and experience you will bring to this role include:
Able to work in a fast paced changing environment.
Well established customer service skills
Digital - Full stack Development, UI/UX Design, Mobile Development.
Thorough understanding of fundamental statistics concepts like Hypotheses testing, Central Limit Theorem, Sample scaling and normalisation etc.
Be adaptable and enjoy acting on dynamic information at a rapid pace
Design of experiments and analysis of results using statistical packages such as Minitab
Experience working with cloud data extraction will be an advantage
This role is within the Financial System Group which monitors, researches and reports on the payments system and stability of the financial system.
Great People, meaningful work.
Study assistance, including financial support and study leave for tertiary education; and
Fivetran, Segment
Paid parental leave for primary carers after 12 months of employment
Some experience utilising at least:

1 language for Data Ingestion - SQL or equivalent; and
1 language for Pipelining & General Purposes - Python, Scala, Java, C, C++, PHP, HTML5 or equivalent


Must be highly organised, friendly, proactive, collaborative, passionate about making a change
Build or monitor distributed productionized ML Assets including Alerting, drift detection, performance
Knowledge of Power Platform or Azure desirable
Strong knowledge in database management (MS SQL) with the ability to write TSQL:stored procedures, views, triggers, user-defined functions, application support andprogramming experience with various database tools
As a Data Migration Officer, you will be responsible for working closely with Rexlabs clients to guide and manage their data imports and migrations.
In this role, you’ll be working alongside another Data Migration Officer and a Product Manager who will help you to learn and grow in this role and beyond.  
You will work with them to also solve a real business problem and create an exceptional onboarding experience for our customers.  
The role will include the following - 
Using your analytical skills to support production issues;
3+ years commercial experience in market research and/or workforce surveys tertiary qualifications in a related field
 Required Skills:
You have excellent communication skills and are able to manage stakeholder expectations. 
Responsibilities will include...
Please “Apply Now" with a current resume.
If you have any support or access requirements, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application.  
We encourage you to bring your ‘whole self to work’.
Virtus Health is a safe and inclusive workplace. 
Data domain and data modelling skills will be advantageous
Ensure that data is supplied in a timely manner whilst building and maintaining our data pipelines in Python and SQL
Our Earth Science group makes extensive use of Python to automate complex scientific workflows on local and cloud-based high performance computing environments.
This involves converting scientific models into code that processes huge volumes of spatial data.
Experience building, tuning and deploying machine learning using Spark, scikit-learn, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Keras, or similar tools
Operational experience in healthcare deliver
Experience collaborating with Data and Machine Learning Engineers to implement data pipelines, and productionise and deploy ML models
If you would like to find out more please contact Robert Daniels on 0416 633 242 or apply now.
Incredible work culture that supports openness and connectivity
which may include a medical, qualification check police clearance and Australian working rights
How you’ll succeed
Demonstrated understanding and knowledge of accreditation frameworks, relevant standards and quality systems
Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and data analysis skills
Your responsibilities will include;
Health and Wellbeing initiatives (Corporate Games,
Run 4 Kids, Free Bowel Cancer Screening tests, RUOK Day, and EAP).
Join our growing global team and accelerate your career with us.
Apply today.
Exposure to working in the automotive industry 
Perform performance tuning / query optimisation
Position Description
Experience with sales, retail and operations financial management
Oversee data collection and data entry
Demonstrated knowledge creating and working within a Data Warehouse
Mentoring junior bioinformatics engineers to achieve the above goals
We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. 
Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.  
Your Qualifications
About You
5% of revenue devoted for R&D
Emerging Technologies
Highly analytical and detail-oriented
SIG is expanding its team responsible for maintaining the integrity of all static data critical to the firm encompassing instrument definitions and related pricing information.
The new opening for a Reference Data Analyst will work with a senior business analyst to process, store, transform and distribute these large and diverse datasets aligned with the business’ needs.  
This role will have a high level of exposure to the operations of financial markets, in particular the challenges faced with trading across multiple time zones, asset classes and country specific risks/requirements.
Free Members tickets at SCG and Allianz stadiums
Creation and development of documentation – SOP’s, process documents and procedures.
Ahpra requires all employees to comply with Ahpra policies, including the COVID-19 Vaccination policy and Flexible working policy
In addition to having the opportunity to grow and be challenged, and to be part of a vibrant campus life, our people enjoy a range of rewarding benefits:
Combination of deep technical skills and business savvy enough to interface with all levels and disciplines within our customer’s organization.
Required to author documents associated with process development, including operating procedures, study protocols and reports.
Extensive experience in the creation and maintenance of data architectures and data governance, including Master Data, Meta Data, and Transactional Data.
Ability to develop strong relationships with key stakeholders
Previous hands on experience in test automation development and architecture.
Validating ETL processes.
Performing analytical investigations to generate actionable insights for Senior Management to make informed decisions;
Additionally, you will:
A trajectory of operations research, statistical, and machine learning modelling, with experience manipulating and ‘making sense’ of big data from disparate systems.
Experience with running data analytics and predictive analytics services in an organisation
Develop ETL bug fixes using Azure Synapse Analytics, Azure Databricks, Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Lake v2 and metadata-driven SQL automated loaders, dedicated SQL Pool, sparkpool.
 It'd be great if you also have:
Supportive team environment; WFH/Office balance; Flexible arrangements
Support data collection activities such as survey administration and formal data requests from key stakeholders
We value flexibility, and encourage our team members to work in ways that meet their work/life commitments and support their wellbeing. 
Understanding best practices around modelling design, such as efficient re-use of data and best practice modelling standards for the target technology
We aspire to lead in the data and digital space.
But aspiration alone won’t get us there.
So, we’ve committed to backing our vision with an additional $100 million investment, fast-tracked over the next 12 to 24 months.
Regular Lunch & Learn sessions
Work closely with the Product team and Engineering Managers to understand the needs of the customer and our business so that you can help further shape our product.
Look after the web scraping pipelines that support their products – connect to websites’ API’s
Provide expert technical advice to stakeholders, recommending and implementing ways to improve data efficiency
Responsible for tracking, reporting, and analysing the performance of marketing activities, ad-hoc analytic requests, and development/automation of regular reports.
Excellent communicator
You will have the opportunity to add value to this growing business by partnering with key stakeholders to delivery against our strategic plan objectives.
Key responsibilities of the role include:
We’re focused on harnessing the power of data and transforming it into meaningful insights that enhance our customer experience, strengthen our businesses, and help them pursue new growth opportunities.
That’s where you come in.
Oracle Forms and Reports
Solid knowledge of cloud technologies, microservices and orchestration frameworks
Process Engineering, Testing and Automation capabilities
We have an exciting opportunity for a Data/Reporting Analyst to join our team on a full-time basis.
Melbourne location and reporting to our Data Operations Manager – Payment Support & Implementation, this role will partner with our greater Data Operations Team to support and maintain Schneider Electric’s customer onboarding along with managing their Payment Support activities.
An ability to implement scalable solutions: you “know” data and how it moves through business systems
Capable of presenting simplified complex data and concepts to enable decision making
Strong Excel skills, creating views, pivots etc
Contribute to the management (handling and login) of all testing samples to the finished product team.
Manage the production of multiple monthly and ad hoc client    reports to ensure reporting deadlines are met;
Innovative, creative and curious with a strong growth mindset
You’ll be ingesting and transforming large, unstructured data and transforming and ingesting to the platform’s custom data stores
Experience using Tableau software to create dynamic dashboards used by people across all levels of an agency or department
The Job Description can be viewed on the "Join the Bellberry Team" at www.bellberry.com.au
The Australian Institute of Company Directors is committed to strengthening society through world-class governance.
We aim to be the independent and trusted voice of governance, building the capability of a community of leaders for the benefit of society.
Our membership of more than 47,000 includes directors and senior leaders from business, government and the not-for-profit sectors. 
Reporting to the Chief Strategy Officer, you will:
Ability to author high-quality customer-facing project documents
Opening
Data reconciliations
Ensure complex technical specifications communicate user requirements in technical terms for submission to development teams.
Don't miss out on this fantastic job opportunity, click the "APPLY" button now.  
For more details on this role, please contact Meg at 02 82672478 quoting job# 240269   
The Period Positivity Program is a fantastic initiative providing period care products to schools & workplaces in Australia & New Zealand.
This person will play a key role in driving the success of these programs by providing valuable data analysis and insights to ensure we are prioritising the right schools and providing the right supply to the right areas.
Knowledge of basic algorithms, object-oriented and functional design principles, and best practice patterns
Take advantage of our huge natural language datasets to build internet-scale and creative solutions which help millions of people around the world find their next jobs with the chance to work flexibly, grow your career and play a big role in a small team.
Sound good so far?
This is not your average Business Intelligence Analyst role - this is an opportunity for you to directly influence crucial decisions with stakeholders and contribute to something truly meaningful.
Demonstrated experience in collaboration with non-technical users.
Offer of employment is subject to successful background (pre-employment screening) and Criminal History checks.
For nearly 150 years, Rio Tinto has been a company of pioneers – generations of people spanning the globe, all with the grit and vision to produce materials essential to human progress.
Bill Identity (Bid) is a contemporary tech company that makes manual Utility Bill Expense Management a thing of the past, creating value out of every bill.
Joining sales teams on pre-sales calls and technical discussions if needed
Experience in software development and deployment sequencing.
Minimum 3+ years relevant data engineering experience.
Experience in Cloud-based data processing platforms
*Applications that do not meet this requirement will not be considered
Ability to work any shift; especially nights & occasional weekends
High expertise in technical report writing. 
Experience using model interpretability frameworks (like LIME and SHAP).
ensuring WorkSafe has a deep understanding of employer and worker needs, drivers and goals
There are so many reasons to join us here at Loup
but here are just a few:
If this role isn’t quite right for you
but you know of someone who would be interested, please feel free to share the ad with them.
Analyses external and internal customer, marketing, competitor & product data using database queries (SQL, Access), spreadsheet (Excel) models, web analytics tools (Adobe / Omniture), statistical analysis tools, and campaign management software tools.
If this opportunity excites you, click APPLY to submit your Cover Letter and Resume today.
Successful applicants will be contacted and progress to a virtual interview Microsoft Teams.
All applicants will be advised of the outcome of their application.
Providing exceptional customer service.
Contributing to the delivery of creative campaign ideas, including research and optimisation
Create automated ETL routines/processes to transform source data into a standardised format ready for analysis and reporting consumption;
Global career opportunities in a network of brands and businesses
Why you'll love working with us
Proven ability to build reporting based on analysis of the business requirements.
Our Head Office is based in Canberra with a national reach to all the states and territories, regional and remote areas of Australia.
Our facilities are Covid-19 safe places Click here to learn how we're protecting donors, volunteers, patients and our people.  
We encourage all of our employees to be vaccinated against Covid-19 and a number of states have mandated that Lifeblood employees must be vaccinated to perform work for us.
Please make sure that you are able to comply with these government requirements, or have the appropriate medical exemption information available.
About Rio Tinto
Work closely with the Data Science and Engineering teams and report to the Head of Data Science
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Once the legacy asset is transitioned to target state, this role will see you delivering efficient and scalable code to support the build of our Enterprise Data Warehouse, working in collaboration with the information architecture and data modelling team to implement data pipelines, data integration and transformation jobs checking data integrity and accuracy in the data warehouse and data marts, maintaining up-to-date documentation of implementation, as well as testing code performance and troubleshooting it before it goes live.
STgenetics Australia processes animal semen to produce gender selected fresh and frozen product.
This is an exciting opportunity to join an international company that leads the delivery of sexed semen technology to livestock industries.
Strong communication skills with the ability to convey technical ideas to both technical and business users
If you are passionate about data, we have the best way to get you into your new data career. 
At least 4 years relevant experience across Cloud Technologies
Experience in maintaining price master data highly desirable.
Manage corporate actions impacting the business, including, but not limited to, researching breaks and communicating important events
Eligible to work in Australia (citizen / permanent resident)
Will allow you to spend plenty of time with your family and on your health.
They strongly encourage work-life balance, flexible working hours and remote working.
If you are passionate about data, we have the best way to get you into your new data career.
 Coles Supermarkets  
MELBOURNE Requisition ID: 36942 
Please be advised that applications will only be accepted directly rather than via recruitment agencies.
Extensive experience working in SAP.
Other business systems such as Salesforce will also be an advantage.
Collect and interpret data, analyse results and report the results.
Master’s degree in Material Science  
Familiar with Visual Studio and/or PowerShell and ARM Templates
The Candidate
Working as part of a dynamic analysis team, the Risk Analyst will be expected to proactively drive automatization of existing processes and reporting.
The ability to analyse, interpret and communicate insights drawn from multiple data sources.
Work with business owners and key stakeholders to elicit, analyse, communicate and validate requirements and then document these requirements into data and/or business intelligence specifications 
Do work that matters  
As an experienced data engineer with proven expertise, you will use your business and technical expertise to design and build a resilient and flexible architecture to capture and store data directly from source and be the single source of truth for all downstream reporting & analytics.  
Which is why we're the perfect fit for you.
Here, you'll be part of a team of engineers going above and beyond to improve the standard of digital banking.
Using the latest tech to solve our customers' most complex data-centric problems.  
Your experience means you're able to execute state-of-the-art data practices, driving high quality outcomes to solve core business objectives and minimise risks.
Communicating to technical and non-technical stakeholders across the business comes naturally to you.  
See yourself in our team  To us, data is everything.
It's what powers our cutting-edge features
and it's the reason we can provide seamless experiences for millions of customers from app to branch.  
Our vision for the Business Intelligence and Data Science (BIDS) team is to deliver world-class data analytics to enable CBA to be the bank of tomorrow.  
What skills you will need to be successful in this role?
Experience in Data Migrations projects for ERP implementation
What you will make you successful
The role required to travel within Western & Northern Melbourne & Victoria 
Who We Are
Commercial acumen with willingness and drive to continuously lead long-term improvements
To be considered for this role you will need to demonstrate advanced experience in complex data analysis and Python programming.
You need to understand the importance and complexities of proper processes for code maintenance and versioning.
Ability to multitask and work autonomously.
This role is responsible for directly overseeing and providing support to the FreeChoice Network nationwide.
The person will partner with the SLT, operations and finance team on several data analysis projects.
Some being weekly and monthly routines and others being
ad-hoc requests by several stakeholders across the business.
The key focus is tobacco pricing and profitability.
Must have Strong experience in SQL Server Development and MSBI Suite-
Particularly SSAS,SSIS and Power BI
Strong technical knowledge of PowerBI
Experience in writing Shell scripts in Linux Platform
Infrastructure as code using Terraform.
As Hudson Institute is located within a Healthcare setting, the CHO (and Monash Health) mandatory vaccination mandates apply to all Hudson employees.
As part of the application process, evidence of an immunisation history statement or COVID -19 Digital Certificate is required.
No offers of employment will be made without the appropriate evidence being provided.
You’ll also have first-hand knowledge of AWS Analytics, Python software development and/or Power BI.
If you’ve experience with Azure, that’d be great.
Adaptable and willing to take the initiative with problem-solving and improving processes
 A career that gives you more
Demonstrated high level verbal, and written communication skills, and the ability to liaise with business stakeholders to elicit and define business requirements while maintaining strong stakeholder relationships
You will get:
Provide detailed analysis, statistical information and evidence-based advice
Curious and creative by nature, demonstrating learning agility whilst driving a continuous culture of improvement.
Competitive salary package + Outstanding company benefits
Catch is embarking on a journey of data-driven innovation and adopting big data analytics to ultimately provide a leading experience to its customers.
As our business grows, so is our data team and we have a new Data Engineer opportunity to join the team.
Commercial data engineering experience leveraging customer data
Proven track record of providing excellent customer service internally and externally;
HEO9 - $115,068 - $121,904 per annum + 17% superannuation
Facilitating and participating in team standups, retrospectives & iteration planning sessions;
Download the position description.
Any specific questions not answered in the position description should be directed to Prof Jim Buttery jim.buttery@mcri.edu.au.
Strong conceptual and analytical skills and an ability to think laterally to identify practical and workable solutions.  
What you’ll bring to this role:
Overview
Expertise to Implementing Data Warehousing Solutions;
uplifting data literacy, generating insight and foresight
Knowledgeable in CICD processes – BitBucket/GitHub, Jenkins, Nexus etc.
About Reflections Holiday Parks
Well-developed interpersonal and communication skills, including the demonstrated ability to influence stakeholders at all levels and to effectively present information to those stakeholders in various formats (verbally and in writing).
FMCG experience is essential / tobacco desirable
Ability to communicate solutions to both technical and non-technical teams
Understand that responsibilities vary as business needs evolve
develop and support the load of multiple disparate data sources into the Enterprise Data Warehouse for reporting and analytical purposes.
I am looking to recruit an experienced BI developer for a business in East Perth, looking to enhance their offering to a growing portfolio of resource clients.
This is the first permanent hire in a brand new BI team, focussed on delivering an enterprise analytical platform to report on finances, inventory, as well as health and safety.
Discounted financial and health
Create functional specifications (detailed design) for system and configuration changes due to application modifications.
Ability to work both independently and as part of a broader diverse team, with flexibility and agility.
Work on functional design, process design (including scenario design, flow mapping), prototyping, testing, training, and defining support procedures, working with an advanced engineering team and executive leadership
Exposure to Data Factory and Databricks are highly regarded
Experience in developing, monitoring and maintaining solutions on the Snowflake platform.
Using your strong SQL skills you'll design and articulate complex data visualisations intuitive graphics to a non-technical audience and form/own a backlog for building data capability to ensure it reflects the business strategic and financial goals.
Patient care, scientific and clinical leadership, and a passion for making a difference to people’s lives is always at the forefront of our minds.
Collaboration, agility, and the curiosity to investigate new ideas is how we will continue to grow as a market leader. 
Share experience in working on AWS services like S3, Lambda, SNS, SQS, IAM, ECS, Athena, Redshift. 
Colleagues in this role will include some very smart, very friendly data science, engineering and insights peers, along with medical and health experts who are all trying to improve healthcare for Australians
Advanced T-SQL experience essential
Introducing and implementing best practice patterns and standards for scalable, extensible and robust data solutions that can adapt to a constantly changing business landscape, allowing the business to recognise and respond to unique business opportunities.
About the City of Wanneroo
Experience with Genomics, next-generation sequencing, library preparation and/or genome-editing is desirable.
Supporting large scale migration of multiple disparate engineering data sources
You’ll have a background in software development and cloud data engineering with exposure to CI/CD tools, cloud platforms & tooling (AWS or GCP), ETL and data governance tools such as Talend, Informatica or Terraform.
About Your Role
Qualification Requirements
Partner with SMEs across different lines of business to develop a sound understanding of their business processes and data requirements
Proficient in at least one analytical programming language, e.g. R, Python, Scala
Define and create ML methodologies and approaches
Previous experience with applications and/or regulatory compliance desired
based and traditional methods
Provide support to the annual premium submission round to the Department of Health
Be part of something bigger: contribute to building a secure Australia that is prosperous, open and united.
Join a connected team of professionals, where you can be your authentic self; grow your career while making time for all parts of your life.
Work with supportive and inclusive managers
Strong decision-making skills 
Must have expert level work experience on the entire AWS product and service suite primarily EC2, S3, VPC, Lambda, Redshift, Spectrum, Athena and MPP database.
Extensive experience in building processes supporting data transformation, data structures and the manipulation, processing and extraction of value from datasets.
Critical thinking and problem solving skills
Focused on high quality deliverables and speed
Relevant qualifications and/or industry certifications would be highly regarded
Working on Coles’ cutting-edge Enterprise Data Platform (EDP), we deliver key data initiatives across the business.
Through our cloud transformation journey and data analytic technology, we have enabled the business to operate more efficiently and revolutionises retailing as we know it.  
Understanding of structured and unstructured data analysis, streaming data, IoT, artificial intelligence, natural language processing and related topical analytics fields.
Explore and utilise emerging technologies such as AI, chat bots an internet of things
What does success look like?
Location: East Perth
Our culture is truly values-driven, which is what we believe makes New Aim an exciting and great place to work in.
If the above sounds like you, we would love to hear from you!
To apply for this role please be sure to include your cover letter and resume and send to recruitment@newaim.com.au.
Business Development
A degree in data science, computer science or related
Position Description: Data Analyst -SW_HealthSciencesRecruitment PD.pdf
Constructing an elevated road along Footscray Road to the Port of Melbourne;
How to Apply
Creates and maintains continuous delivery pipelines using current practices
Spatial and data analysis to create and interpret accounts, including cross-tabulations, combined presentations with ancillary indicators, data visualisations and spatial maps
Diligently teaming with the infrastructure, network, database, application and business intelligence teams to guarantee high data quality and availability.
Be responsible for quantitative analysis and apply critical thinking of empirical data
Department/School: School of Health Sciences
Employee      Assistance Program
Soft skills and Leadership training programs
Working with Marketing team to develop data briefs and provide data extracts
Only successful applicants will be contacted.
About Tabcorp
Applications close: 8 December 2021.
work collaboratively with other parts of SIH to build and develop an engineering and entrepreneurial culture in the support of data science across the university
Market leading remuneration $121,900 - $139,000 (including super)
Our client is a local NSW government department who is looking for a Junior Business Analyst with a finance or accounting background.
Comfortable dealing with uncertainty
Databricks
For data visualisation, we use matplotlib, seaborn, altair and bokeh
We use BitBucket, BitBucket pipelines
Bill Identity (bid) is a contemporary tech company that makes manual Utility Bill Expense Management a thing of the past, creating value out of every bill. 
Working with multi-disciplinary teams using an Agile methodology
The successful applicant will have:
Experience in S3, Lambda, StepFunction, AWS CLI and Terraform.
disability to participate fully in all aspects of employment wherever possible by offering reasonable
Estimated start date
Engage broadly with Finance Services and the business to frame, structure and prioritise business performance reporting requirements.      
The support you will receive
Safety is at the heart of all we do
If this position sounds like your next career step - and you're keen to make a difference in your community - then apply now.
We look forward to receiving your application. 
Receive goods, reagents and biological samples
About Our Partnership
2+ Years of experience in a similar working role focused around data engineering includes data ingestion, transformation, modelling etc.
Relevant tertiary qualifications in Engineering, Computer Science or a related discipline
Software development experience
We’re on the lookout for a Data engineer professional to develop our Business Intelligence solutions.
We are proud to have a sociable workplace that values diversity and celebrates achievement with multiple company-wide, social, and family events throughout the year.
Due to Covid-19, all social events are currently virtual.
Day Rate: $800.00 + Super
The ability to be a strong collaborator and be comfortable working with business stakeholders to identify and shape problems to be solved with data.
Responsibilities will include but are not limited to. 
Focusing on partnerships and collaboration, contributing to the overall success of the team.
HDP-HMM
Undertake problem analysis, process improvements and efficient issues resolutions
Competitive salary package with annual performance-based salary review and bonus
Boral welcomes applications from action oriented, full of energy Data professionals who tackle and resolve challenges, hold a deep love for the job, own the role of Data Engineer, focus and show care about the experience and services Boral provides and seek to be part of a great team.
Experience with developing maintaining and implementing ETLs and/or ELTs
A strong desire to execute, drive impact, and develop within our organisation.
We're all different - and we love this about us.
We provide an inclusive, safe and welcoming environment to all Civicans, new and old
Highly valued: experience working with clickstream data.
Automation services (CI/CD platforms, Ansible, Puppet, Chef)
Experience in a similar role in a medium to large organisation or significant equivalent experience in a related industry 
Azure Data Factory, being able to author and monitor pipelines, datasets and data flows,
In-depth understanding of database management systems, online analytical processing (OLAP) and ETL (Extract, transform, load) framework
To be successful in this role, you will be an IT professional with experience working with process owners and operations teams to produce ITSM reporting.
You will be comfortable working with data and proficient with extracting meaning for business decisioning.
What are we looking for in a Data Engineer?
What’s essential? 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experience in Go and Python,
be strong in Elasticsearch and to have solid

Kafka or Cassandra experience would desirable.
Hands-on experience and proficiency in Python, SQL, Spark, or equivalents. 
Because We Care program which includes volunteer leave and community grants, to ensure you have the opportunity to give back to your community
Remuneration for this role is between $90,000 - $100,000 inclusive of superannuation.  
Experience in productionising models, including testing frameworks
Working with the Operations team to ensure a smooth transition from project delivery to ongoing support.
The Role 
Ability to write complex queries and DDL using SQL
Develop and maintain data warehouse benchmarks for different functional aspects of the business.
The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up.
This role will support our software developers and data analysts on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout Urbis.
Urbis provides an exciting multi-disciplinary environment to refine your skills and grow your career.
Build and maintain strong relationships with internal and external stakeholders.
Let's talk about the team:
Team member discounts ─ 30% off full price styles, 15% off sale styles and free shipping
Well-developed communication and technical documentation skills.
Manage prioritisation of support requests and incidents.
Please click on the apply now button or visit http://careers.boral.com.au
6 month contract
This is a hands on role
Experience with RDBMS (Oracle, MS SQL Server) and using SQL or other data integration/ETL tools.
Interested Candidates
: Apply using the ‘Apply’ button.
No emailed applications accepted.
For general enquiries only, contact:
Experience in working in complex, multi-stakeholder environments. 
To apply please click apply or call Bianca Barrett on 02 8289 3205 for a confidential discussion.
Work to Make a Difference: You will be making impactful contributions and positive differences in your role working on exciting projects.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Develop and execute the GTM strategy to create awareness and continually improve conversion
How About You?
Work in comfort with a casual dress code.
Tronox careers are brighter with interesting and innovative work, a smart team of people and a range of lifestyle benefits.  
At Tronox, we aspire not only to build a diverse workforce, but to leverage the broad range of people and perspectives within our organisation by fostering an inclusive work environment.
Excellent working culture
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organise, analyse, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Strong algorithmic and programming skills in Java or C/C++ or C# or Scala.
Keep up with the latest technology trends in the industry; propose, evaluate and implement new solutions
Bachelor Degree in Science or Applied Science
Enjoy learning and are keen to adopt new scientific and data processing skills
Civica is a global organisation of over 5,000 employees, providing smart software to deliver the public services of the future and improve outcomes for citizens.
Senior Engineer- ETL
Experience with AWS Cloud and Google Cloud data/analytics stack
advanced data engineering skills with strong experience using Spark, SQL and Python
Demonstrated experience developing database pipelines in SQL
Discounted Health Insurance with Bupa, Medibank and HBF.
Tasks & responsibilities
Free onsite office parking
The DuluxGroup portfolio has some of Australia and New Zealand’s most recognised and trusted brands.
They include household names such as Dulux, Selleys, Yates, Cabot’s and British Paints.
Across the ANZ region we operate 21 main manufacturing sites, 21 distribution centres and more than 120 company owned trade outlets allowing our people to enjoy diverse career opportunities.
embrace a culture of customer centricity and an ambition to be Australia’s leading, most trusted Life Insurer
Hands-on experience and knowledge of various data integration, BI and analytics tools like Databricks
Gathering, examining, evaluating and interpreting qualitative and quantitative data and presenting the findings.
Most importantly, this role will see you supporting the transition of this legacy asset into cloud target state using Informatica ETL tools, for which you will be required to upgrade your skills to be part of the transformation.
We equip our people to succeed at AICD through our highly regarded learning and education programs.
We have a range of attractive benefits designed to support and reward your career and lifestyle.
Eligibility: Australian citizenship is necessary for this position to be eligible for a Baseline Clearance.
Strong ETL skills (e.g. AirFlow/Talend/Python etc)
Another project is helping migrate from Quantium transaction data (NAB) to the new Commbank IQ transaction data.
Salary package up to $15,900 of your annual salary plus further Meals and Entertainment benefits
Great work/life balance and easy transport access to their new facilty in Alexandria.
MLC Life Insurance is one of Australia’s leading life insurance specialists and a member of the Nippon Life Insurance Group, one of the world’s leading insurers.
We are guided by our simple purpose: ‘A Promise for Life’. 
We provide almost 1.2 million Australians with reassurance that they and their loved ones will be supported when they need it most.
It’s a promise that provides peace of mind and helps them sleep at night.
Instagram - @OlympusLIVE
It is a mandatory requirement for all Yarra Valley Water employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19
Good track record of engaging with all levels of the business, advising on data sources and challenging the status quo
Great opportunity to utilise your skills and experience to make a difference in the community
Prior experience in building frameworks/reusable components
Experience with AWS. 
Data modelling skill in SSAS, Tabluar, DAX
understanding of our data
As part of the Lifeblood team you’ll have access to a generous salary packaging program, plus a great range of rewards like discounts on insurance, groceries, food & beverage, department stores, travel, and more. 
Working in an agile environment with complex applications and platforms
Working knowledge SQL or querying from relational databases
5+ years' experience in data engineering domain, working on cloud-based tools
The Scope of the role will include:
An ability in researching trends and activities within institutions, corporate bodies, the public and individuals, both local and overseas to help identify clients’ needs, drive service excellence and manage expectations.
Comfortable using visualisation to tell your data’s story
In addition to using technical knowledge to drive features and improvements, you are comfortable andshow experience
with•
Working with rapidly evolving designs and requirements•
Working well within a team• Excellent interpersonal skills• Passionate about Cloud Engineering, Data Engineering and/or ML• Curious mind and strong problem-solving
skills• Autonomy, responsibility and striving to make a difference• Positive, can-do attitude with a clear sense of initiative•
Takes responsibility and accountability for overall solution• Strong focus on creating testable software, using standards and conventions to ensure quality• Practitioner and coach of technical practices such as clean code and pair programming• Good understanding of secure coding practices, and knowledge of mitigating commonvulnerabilities 
Experience in developing, deploying, and maintaining end to end data pipelines.
What You Will Be Doing:
Data wrangling
Involvement in special projects supporting Growth as required e.g. Develop customer segmentation for the Growth team to better understand our core growth markets and potential.  
Activate segmentation throughout business and marketing opportunities.
Reporting to the Marketing Manager, your key accountabilities will include:
Strong knowledge of complexities and challenges with ETL/ELT solutions and data flow processes;
Demonstrable experience in Data ingestion, cleansing, manipulation and modelling, required.
Capability of debugging data flows and stored procedures for ETL and data lineage purposes in case of unexpected results
Fun, supportive, inclusive team culture.
Influence and lead efforts and processes for continuous deployment cycles and on-demand deployments.
Identify and recommend improvements to data collection, data maintenance, data timeliness and information outputs within Investments and Member data
Data modelling, data ingestion and ETL design knowledge
The Organisation
Business acumen - strong business/commercial sense to combine with analytics to help drive recommendations; ability to demonstrate an understanding of the commercial impact of their activities
DataLake & EDW methodologies; Data analysis, data modelling, data integration, data warehousing and database design; Deep understanding of relational modelling, understanding of dimensional modelling
Experience with innovation accelerators
Previous experience working on a variety of fast-paced, high impact projects
Working for us, you’ll be joining a growing client-focused and collaborative global team with a values and purpose-driven culture.
Jira/Confluence
We’re Australia’s largest gambling entertainment company.
Together, we build on our 100+ year heritage by delivering Excitement with Integrity, every day.
Each one of us is here to put our customers at the heart of everything we do by creating moments that engage, surprise and thrill.
Ability to exercise sound judgement and show a high degree of initiative, integrity, professionalism and discretion when dealing with confidential and sensitive business matters.
Strong Big Data development background (leading, planning, build & execution of activities
A bit about us...
Experience with deploying machine learning/statistical models into production
Timeseries modeling
Spike, Pig, Hive, AWS glue AI and Machine learning
Initiative and the ability to self-direct; and
Proficient with schema design and dimensional data modelling
Hands-on experience in using ETL tools specifically Microsoft SSIS.
         Flexibility and willingness to participate in projects or related activities;
Free and subsidised health and wellbeing services, and access to fitness and cultural clubs
On a day-to-day basis, you will provide analytical and operation support, working across complex data environments and develop solutions across Azure Cloud platform.
Experience in designing and implementing AWS cloud-native architectured solutions
Casual dress – every day
If you’re interested in this role, submit your resume using ‘apply now’ (no need for a cover letter!).
or for a confidential discussion call Johnson Do on 0410 454
167 or email johnsond@halcyonknights.com.au
We do things a little differently...We do things a little differently around here.
We do things the FCTG Way.
If yes, we have a role for you!
Opportunities for career development and growth  
We are an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. 
We offer an attractive salary package and benefits for our employees that will allow you to be your best every day.  
They deal with long-term governmental clients
We don’t post salary ranges externally so any salary estimate you see listed here was not provided by SIG and may not be accurate.
We think it’s important to take your skills and experience into account when determining compensation.
NAB, invested in you
Perform data analyses using Microsoft Excel and GraphPad Prism for basic statistical analysis.
Required Skills / Knowledge-
Have a demonstrated passion and curiosity to investigate technology and acquire new skills
Gear-up for the modernization of Machine Learning in Australia, as the market moves to keep pace with the EU and US.
Previous research experience in a regulated environment, knowledge/ experience with ISO17025/ISO13485/ 21 CFR
Provide leadership and contribute to the creation and adherence of “best practices” and coding standards for the team.
Working closely with the Data Scientist and other squad members to design and build all necessary data pipelines using ETL.
The skills you’ve picked up along the way:
Key Responsibilities
Recruit, build out and manage a strong, small vertical operational team
Source and order required raw materials and equipment required to support experimental studies.
Stocked kitchen with access to all the snacks you need
Degree in public health, medical science, radiology, human biology/physiology, pharmacy or nursing or similar fields.
Business Analysts needed for a large transformation across people, process and systems with one of Australia's most recognisable brands within financial services.
Melbourne/ WFH
Experience in or the ability to quickly learn analytical tools and case management systems;
Why choose AIA:
For more information please call Cathy on 9040 1630.
Permanent role (salary plus benefits – see our website for more info)
Experience setting up Docker-based development environments
Peter Mac offers its employees the following benefits:
Experience with Node.js, Python, and SQL
Minimum 6+ years development experience
Interesting and diverse projects with customers such as large retail, investment and neo banks, transport, and government
Serves as the subject matter expert for Microsoft SQL Server related tools
Your part in a changing world
Lead and perform data quality investigations in order to identify the root causes
A background in consulting and professional services
Analyse new and used car transactions, historical data, and output from forecast models to determine car valuations
Salary: $75,289 - $102,163 (Level A)
Developing, testing Python, JN artefacts (BI)
Represent the TAC on internal and external committees
Strong knowledge of Integration and platforms such as Splunk or Hadoop.
My client is an American multinations e-commere corporation based in the United States.
They are looking for a retail marketing specialist to plan, develop & execute there onsite campaigns engaging millions of Aussie shoppers.
The ideal candidate will have a strong background in customer centricity, and an understanding of the digital marketing space.  
They're a fast-paced and agile workplace backed by a fun environment that is focused on helping their people learn and grow in their careers faster than anywhere else.  
The role sits within the marketing team, reporting to the Retail Marketing & Customer Engagement Manager.
In this role you will execute retail marketing campaigns and manage our giftcard partnerships.  
Excellent analytical, conceptual and problem-solving skills with an attention to detail andaccuracy
Deploying on AWS using services like Glue and Lambda
Key Accountabilities:
For more information about your career at ASIO, please visit: www.asio.gov.au/careers.
We are looking for highly motivated graduates from a wide array of disciplines and life experiences, who want to play a part in shaping Australia’s future and informing the decision making process.
A safe and sustainable workplace with a buddy assignment commitment
The ability to plan, prioritise, manage multiple tasks, and demonstrate flexibility
Contributing to IT strategy
Your Opportunity
Social club and community engagement opportunities.
Evolve Scientific Recruitment are partnering with this renowned and growing organisation to source a Laboratory Assistant to help in the smooth running of the Laboratory.
Perform risk analysis and provide insight into data points created from client trade activity
Produce advanced documentation to detail functional and non-functional requirements including drafting user stories, wireframes and visualized workflows.
To hear more about our story, follow this link:
With more than 160 years of history, we are proud of our position in the community with more satisfied customers than any other Australian bank.  
Every day, we work hard to bring our company purpose to life, feeding into the success of our customers and communities and not off it.
For further queries, please contact Sheyleen Roberts (HR Business Partner) on sroberts@vvgtruck.com.au. 
What’s your ambition?
Is it a big goal or small steps?
Professional or personal?
We’d like to know, because we make your ambitions our business.
If you’re looking to step up your career, JLL is the perfect professional home.
At JLL, you’ll have a chance to innovate with the world’s leading businesses, put that expertise into action on landmark projects, and work on game-changing real estate initiatives. 
good data reporting (ideally Tableau) and presentation skills to provide relevant insightful updates to stakeholders. 
Work from home 100% from ANYWHERE in Australia initial 6 months contract +
extensions likely!
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/anthony-smith-796983179/
Experience designing and building data platforms
Stakeholder relationship development experience, with an ability to explain technical concepts to a non-technical audience.
Proven tactical and strategic experience in data engineering
Up to 4-week Purchase leave option
Up to $1000 a day for the right candidate (Contract)
Location: Anywhere Australia
Advising and enabling self-serve data sourcing and analysis
Experience in extracting & manipulating data from diverse repositories
Extensive employee benefits :
Be the subject matter expert as the Power BI specialist
Excellent data management skills, including collection and analysis of qualitative and quantitative data
TAFE NSW is an accessible employer who encourages applications from people with a disability and will provide reasonable adjustments in our recruitment process and in the workplace.
Contract extensions
Creates robust and automated pipelines to ingest and process structured and unstructured data from source systems into analytical platforms using batch and streaming mechanisms leveraging cloud native toolset
You love working with the cloud, specifically the AWS stack
Develop, deploy and monitor platforms for advanced analytics
Flexible work environment 
Assist in the preparation of reporting to senior management.
What will you be doing?
You will work with clients (getting their data / providing data) as well as internal teams, mainly data science and insights peers
Strong collaborator that aims to keep an open mind
Skills & experience
Get it done attitude to deliver in a fast-paced environment with multiple programs and outcome-led priorities
Free income protection insurance
You have command of manual/exploratory testing practices.
Advanced experience with automated baremetal provisioning and systems configuration management
Demonstrated experience tunning complex T-SQL code, developing SSIS packages and SSRS reports.
Need more information?
  
1) Click here for the Position Description
  2) Find out more about applying for this position

For role related queries or questions contact Peter Tomlinson on Peter.Tomlinson1@health.nsw.gov.au
Our team allows you to work with smart people who are genuinely interested in the work they do and always solving interesting problems.
Our people are very open to new ideas and encouraged to think outside of the box
Create ad-hoc reports / automated reports and visualisations of data as required (query using a range of methods to source information from corporate data stores and systems in addition to manual collation of corporate information)
Python, SQL
If this sounds like your next career move, then combine your cover letter and resume into one document and click on the ‘Apply’ button by Friday 10 December 2021.
Please note that we may commence interviewing of candidates prior to this closing date.
For brief enquiries please contact Human Resources on iramphul@wesfarmers.com.au
Online timesheet submission and approval
Interested to Join Us?
Communications skills to present technical concept / data analysis results to business information in various forms
Ensure technical solutions effectively deliver agreed requirements and stakeholder expectations.
Lead or contribute projects to deliver system outcomes 
This position is available for an immediate start.
Support of flexible working
Tuesday, 14 December 2021, 5.00pm AEDT
Interested?
We offer flexible working arrangements, and we understand flexibility is not the same for everyone.
We're open to a conversation about what flexibility means for you.
Apply advanced understanding and proficiency in using the technical and analytical tools required for interpreting and analysing location data sets.
Maintaining the CSNSW Tableau Server (as the Server Administrator) to ensure CSNSW data and analytics are well governed and secure.
Technical tertiary qualifications - IT/
Cyber Security
You will be responsible for:
4+ years development experience with Azure Data Components or similar ETL tools such as SSIS - Azure Data Factory, Azure SQL, Azure Data Lake, Azure Analysis Services, Azure Synapse and Azure Databricks, Azure Machine Learning.
Team is onshore and offshore and must have experience in leading both onshore and offshore teams
Developing and deploying analytical models to make data a competitive advantage across the various fields of customer, retail, pricing, promotion, merchandising and supply chain.
We're determined to make a real difference for Australia's first peoples.
We encourage all interested applicants to apply.
If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick [link removed] to submit a valid application.
We're keen to support you with the next step in your career.
Wellbeing & Gadget Allowance
Working knowledge of the MS BI stack, including Integration Services, Analysis Services, Reporting Services.
This is a great opportunity to join a leading charity that truly makes a difference in the community.
Supply Chain Management (SCM) Planning (Item Structures, Sourcing rules, Assignment Sets, Fixed Safety Stock)
Demonstrated written communication and IT skills Database, Excel, Word, Power Bi
Why choose Global Marketplace
The duties of the role include:
Demonstrated initiative in identifying areas for improvement in processes as well as analysing, making recommendations and implementing changes.
Day-to-day leadership of the Consultant, Data Engineer
Be involved in leading and driving selected research projects as subject matter expert and ensure projects are kept on time and documentation integrity is maintained
In your CV, please answer the following questions:
Develop and maintain a suite of accurate high quality data visualisation dashboards & reports based on agreed business requirements
The position undertakes research, collates, analyses and interprets waste management data to provide insights and recommendations to support decision making associated with waste services.
Previous experience automated testing concepts and Microsoft certifications are considered a plus.
Snowflake, Synapse or Databricks
Ability to communicate across all levels of business, able to translate technical data concepts to a non-technical audience
Assist our clients with their additional enquiries and research requirements
Ability to manage time effectively and be reliable and approachable.
Communicate results from analysis of large datasets to a range of internal and external stakeholders using simple and engaging language as well as data visualisations.
Develop source of truth data models to power business analytics solutions using data warehouse modelling techniques.
The Data Migration stream within Marketplace Unification are looking for a Senior Developer to lead the design, development, delivery and support of common infrastructure and services that enable our product delivery teams to migrate our customers data to a single unified APAC platform.
Strong business analysis skills and a deep understanding of analytics.
1 language for Pipelining & General Purposes - Python, Scala, Java, C, C++, PHP, HTML5 or equivalent
Being a reliable, subject-matter expert of data and big data technologies, create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture to collect, map, produce, transform and test data
The Australian Security Intelligence Organisation (ASIO) protects Australia and Australians from threats to their security.
In a complex, challenging and changing security environment, our success is built on the imagination and intelligence of our team.
ASIO’s people are ordinary Australians but they do extraordinary things - they are our most important asset. 
To be successful in our mission, we need talented people who are highly capable, dedicated, adaptable and resilient.
APS5 and APS6 Data Engineers
Skills & Experience 
Expertise in AWS - any of EC2, S3, EBS, ELB, RDS, Dynamo DB, EMR
Operating systems (Linux)
Perform assays using low energy radioactive compounds such as 14C.
Solid relational database experience, from writing analytical queries in SQL to designing database schemas.
Experience working with Linux and bash scripting
Ability to work autonomously as well as within a team.
*For information to help you with compiling short statements to answer the selection criteria and competencies, please go to http://about.unimelb.edu.au/careers/selection-criteria
 If you feel this opportunity suits you, or Cognizant is the type of organization you would like to join, we want to have a conversation with you!
Please apply directly with us. 
For a complete list of open opportunities with Cognizant, visit http://www.cognizant.com/careers 
As a Senior Data Engineer, your primary goal will be to work collaboratively with Data Scientists, DevOps & Data Engineering team to help design and build a cutting-edge machine learning systems across "NextGen" Cloud Data Platform.
You will bring professional experience scaling and deploying robust production code and data pipelines.
Development of new reports and business insights.
Maintenance of mammalian cell lines.
Demonstrated experience is required.
Experience with REST API development, NoSQL design, RDBMS design and optimizations
For your application to be considered please;
Senior/Lead Data Scientist
Participating in discussions and developmental opportunities as a part of the wider Analysis, Assessment and Advice teams.
Relevant university degree with strong statistical background
Perks and benefits
Strong programming experience with the following technologies such as Data such as Python, Java, PySpark,Scala.
Experience in managing, analysing, and transforming data using languages and tooling such as SQL, Python, Pandas and Spark
A good working knowledge of CMS/HTML/CSS knowledge
Ability to manage stakeholders' expectations.
Rabobank is committed to diversity and inclusion and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
All applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to ethnicity, sex/sex characteristics, gender (inclusive of all genders), gender expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability, age or other diversity characteristics not mentioned.
employer superannuation contributions of 15.4 per cent;
About you
Establish and maintain mutually supportive, consistent, and transparent relationships with stakeholders across the business.
High growth business ASX 100 listed
Good things you'll need
API development with Python and FastAPI.
Skills and Experience Required
Inspiring and empowering the dental profession to advance oral health is what we do.
Kubernetes, Cloudrun, Cloud Functions, Dataflow, PubSub, Compute Engine (ondemand VM), Cloud SQL (Postgres), Cloud Workflows
Excellent communication skills (interpersonal, intercultural, written and verbal) and superior client relation skills.
At SEEK we offer:
The applications for the April 2022 intake close on the 31st of January, 2022 
Work with Project Teams for business and give technical handovers to relevant staff.
Demonstrated experience within the professional services industry    with a clear understanding of the day-to-day operations of the    business, in particular an understanding of the varying business    models, service lines and cultures of a commercial law firm;
Strong experience with the following AWS services:
Glue, RDS, DMS, EventBridge, lambda, API Gateway
Build and manage a team of high performing software engineers, fostering their career growth and developing a strong team culture.
You will be responsible for hiring, coaching and the individual success of each of your team members.
Hypetap (https://www.hypetap.com) are looking for a motivated, talented Data Analyst/Scientist to join our team in Melbourne.
You will be working across our global market-leading suite of products.
This is an opportunity for you to be a part of an Australian born leader in one of the highest growth sectors within social media and content marketing. 
Services Australia
We are growing! 
Variety of projects and clients.
We are a leading Payroll and HCM solutions provider across APAC and due to business growth, we now have multiple new opportunities for Technical Consultants. 
About The RoleThe Principal Engineer is a technical leader, their depth of experience and technical capacity drives outcomes for SEEK.
The Principal Engineer works in / leads small teams to deliver fit-for-purpose, scalable, performant outcomes.
The role is split between designing, hands-on work, and guiding others – and knowing when each element is important.
Principal Engineers are responsible for one or more key SEEK systems – owning design, implementation and technical debt that align with the AIPS TechnologyStrategy and their Squad’s remit. 
The Principal Engineer works with their Engineering Manager to define system roadmaps, capacity planning, development processes.
They take requirements and direction, and working with both their team, and other teams to determine how best to meet those needs. 
The Principal Engineer evangelises  and communicates strong software development practice, interacting with their Squad, AIPS and the wider technical community to promote AIPS services, as well as to learnfrom others.
Be business facing and have a strong focus on building stakeholder relationships
Reference Number - 828995
Leading and managing the development, review, monitoring and provision of an optimal data analysis service for the client.
Want to know more?
Please apply within or contact Mitch on 07 3003 7715 | Mitchell.roberts@chandlermacleod.com
Applications close on the 10th of December
The Data Engineering Technical Lead role is a technical and people leadership role that is responsible for:
Cloud and cloud-native data warehouses (AWS/Redshift, GCP/BigQuery, Azure, Snowflake) as well as experience in Integration/Middleware (Talend, API, Enterprise Service Bus.)
We are driving inclusion and diversity as Ways of Working.
If you meet a number of requirements (and not all), we encourage you to submit your application.
Strong expertise and skills in Python
Streamline and automate data and analytical processes – on cloud and in production environment
Support CRES research, evaluation and performance measurement programs
Must understand the importance of data quality and accuracy in health research
Managing delivery risks & meeting deadlines to proactively manage the health of cloud-based data assets
translate complex technical concepts into meaningful insights
Be part of an interesting pipeline of high-visibility projects and grow with us!
Bachelor’s degree in computer science
•
Australia’s top 500 private companies 2020 (by AFR)• 500 high-growth companies from the APAC region 2020 (by Financial Times)• 2019 & 2020
Melbourne Young Entrepreneur Awards• Rated as top/ premium seller in all major online marketplaces.
Hypetap was the first technology driven influencer agency in the region, and we are expanding our team due to another year of stellar growth in 2021.
We provide a dynamic, friendly, exciting work environment with strong opportunities for growth.
We have flexible working arrangements and we're a dog friendly office.
Exceptional communication & stakeholder engagement skills.
We value flexibility, and encourage our team members to work in ways that meet their work/life commitments and support their wellbeing.  
Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to work and communicate with technical and non-technical stakeholders. 
2+ years of leading the data engineering teams 
Hands-on experience and skills in developing complex query structures with SQL and/or NoSQL query languages.
iii.
Blob/File Storage iv.
Cosmos DB 
Thales is committed to promoting and maintaining a workplace culture of shared respect that enables all of us to feel valued, do our best, and remain truly passionate about the place that we work.
We encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and individuals from diverse backgrounds.
We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to provide a positive, barrier-free recruitment process and supportive workplace.
 What you will bring and develop
Experience working with distributed framework and data processing technologies (Hadoop, S3, Spark)
Applying API-led connectivity concepts to business initiatives to help achieve goals with API’s
Hollard is committed to fostering an open, flexible and inclusive work environment that respects the diversity of our employees, customers and communities in which we live.
Hollard aims to ensure equality in our recruitment process and we encourage all applicants who meet the criteria to apply regardless of ethnicity (including Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders), religion or belief, national, social, sex (including intersex), sexual orientation, gender identity (including transgender and non-binary), disability, relationship or parental status.
Be geographically flexible throughout Australia (Sydney and Melbourne) to support our clients
Professional Team Environment
State Library Victoria is overseen by Creative Victoria, part of the Victorian Government's Department of Jobs, Precincts and Regions, and reports to the Minister for Creative Industries.
Convergence of IT and OT will be a mission critical play for us as we bring together a rapidly growing portfolio of IoT data, business intelligence and machine learning capabilities.  
That’s
right, we’re going to be bringing those algorithms out of the lab and into the field.  
Why?
Because we want to bring the latest thinking, technology and people together to create one of a few Smart Utilities globally.
Confidence to make decisions within assigned responsibilities.
Confidential and free access to our Employee Assistance Program for team members and their family
An interesting business with a strong presence in Europe and America that's growing here in Australia.
The business has invested heavily in a range of new cloud and data technologies that are currently being rolled out in Australia.
Regular check points and social events (currently remotely) and monthly team meetings
Directions from Victoria’s Chief Health Officer require all Victorian-based workers to have received their first dose of a COVID-19 vaccine by 22 October 2021 and to be fully vaccinated by 26 November 2021, unless they are an Excepted Person as defined by the COVID-19 Mandatory Vaccination (Workers) Directions.
All applicants must therefore be able to comply with this requirement.
Experience collaborating with a team on a project, either with external clients or internally within an organisation
Excellent stakeholder management and interpersonal / collaboration skills
Perpetual is seeking a Reporting and Data Analyst to provide reporting and analytical support to internal stakeholders and clients within Debt Market Services.
At MLC Life Insurance, you will have the opportunity to:
We embrace all aspects of diversity and inclusion and are committed to creating a workplace, which reflects the incredibly diverse customers, audiences and communities we serve.
StackDriver
Good communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work well within a team as well as independently
Simply click ‘apply’ to complete the application form
APPLY NOW to be considered!
Interviews next week.
Demonstrated written and presentation skills with strong learning and researching ability
Experience working in a manufacturing environment for the production of biologics (desirable but not essential)
Viridian Advisory is a financial services firm specialising in several integrated financial services for over 10,000 clients nationally.
Our service covers everything from traditional investment advice, estate planning, insurance and lending, to bespoke portfolio management.
Our team... 
Work to truly understand the business of your customers; understand their strategic goals and key issues
Experience/proficiency in using business intelligence tools.
New to NSW Health Pathology?
Virtus Health Limited
(ASX: VRT) is Australia’s largest provider of assisted reproductive services.
We are a collaboration of administration staff, nurses, fertility specialists, scientists, and businesspeople who are all committed to continuously improving the services we provide to people hoping to create a family.
In Australia, we run 48 Fertility Clinics, 10-day hospitals and the boutique Virtus diagnostic service.
We are also the largest provider of assisted reproductive services in Ireland, Denmark and have a growing presence in Singapore and United Kingdom.
We see a future where everyone in the community has the opportunity to create a family. 
Sound judgement, accuracy, and attention to detail.
Ability to identify risks, troubleshoot resolution and provide the senior managers with researched recommendations
At least 3 years of work experience in delivering high-quality analytics with the ability to understand commercial requirements and proposing analytical solutions
What’s on offer:
You’ll be accountable for executing small projects and supporting larger projects from identifying and fixing broken journey’s to optimising existing experiences through to building new seamless, frictionless service journey’s and experiences for Optus customers with an omni-channel approach.
The PowerBI Data Analyst in our Group IT team plays a critical role designing, implementing, and supporting analytics solutions including self-service in QlikSense and PowerBI.
Click APPLY to submit your application.
Successful applicants will need to complete work rights, police and credit checks through our online provider as a condition of employment. 
Test and iterate on various operational models while strictly adhering to compliance and governance guardrails
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field
Engineering or other STEM experience
Purchase up to 4 weeks of additional leave per financial year
Extensive experience with platform management, operations and production support for complex big data platforms would be essential.
Our client is a leading, prestigous, global Financial Services organisation that are on the look out for a permanent Data Analyst to work within their Finance on large financial data sets.
Your Background and Experience
You've got very strong SQL experience
Demonstrated competency in using T-SQL, including creating data definitions, developing data extraction queries, implementing analytics processes, writing stored procedures and functions, and an understanding of efficient query design including the correct application of indexes
Confidentiality:
Benefits- team discount, EAP, gym discounts and more
Coordinate the Asset Data Improvement Program activities to ensure category scopes are available, resources engaged, and reporting and communication structure is in place. 
Genuine passion for helping our clients and a desire to provide the best possible customer service, consistent with our reputation and values.
Ideally you will be familiar with processes around code promotion to Dev-UAT-Live and are accustomed with Source Control approaches and methodologies.
Maintaining data models and reporting outputs to ensure ongoing accuracy and reliability of business insights, including peer review and testing
Assist in the writing of standard policies and procedures related to data management and processes.
Experience in data migration to Oracle Fusion Cloud, with knowledge of:  Project Financial Management Financials (Actuals, Budget, Forecasts)
Supply Chain Management (SCM) Planning (Item Structures, Sourcing rules, Assignment Sets, Fixed Safety Stock)
SCM Inventory Management
(Item Catalogues and Categories, Item Specific UOM, Stocking UOM, Item Transaction Defaults, Item Sub inventory Relationship, Quality Inspection Plans)
Enterprise Asset Management (Maintenance Work Definitions, Maintenance Work Orders).  
Knowledge and experience in Supporting business teams to understand data and determine requirements, Developing, implementing, and maintaining databases, Preparing reports for executive and business teams and Visualising data in PowerBI.
We have partnered exclusively with this company from its origination as a start-up, as it continues to successfully grow into a scale up securing multiple funding rounds which has allowed them to expand their data analytics team. 
Ambitious, with a drive to succeed within the digital and banking / finance sector
The ability to maximise retirement savings through voluntary super contributions and company matching
Hands-on experience and understanding of deep learning techniques (TensorFlow, Theano, MXNet, Microsoft DMTK).
ERD and Dimensional Modelling; Skill in data modelling and in designing Data Vaults and/or Kimball-based data models
 A detailed job description and additional information about Children's Cancer Institute can be found on our website at: https://www.ccia.org.au/careers-study .
We embrace diversity and encourage applications from people from diverse backgrounds and cultures.


To apply, please click the 'APPLY' link and forward both your resume AND cover letter (mandatory) clearly addressing the qualifications, experience and skills required.
Quality documentation and reporting
Languages –Scala(Spark), Java, Knockout.js & SQL , Capable in executing Hive/Impala SQLs.
SEO strategy and campaign management experience
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to run workshops and to communicate effectively with Product Owners, Developers, External Clients and other stakeholders across the organisation

Provide support in the interpretation of trends, problem areas and opportunities from the data gathered from financial and other business systems used by the division. 

Clear communication skills to understand what the business needs
manage the delivery of data science, analyses, data engineering and software projects
Ability to manage priorities and thrive in a dynamic fast-paced environment
Terra Firma is a highly respected Australian business and technology consulting firm with a 25+ year history of successfully delivering client outcomes.
We offer leading business and technology consulting services covering the entire lifecycle of a program.
Programming experience in VBA & SQL and Power BI
We are flexible, supportive, and dynamic and we’d love for you to join us. 
Support data science initiatives in one of Australia’s largest health care companies
Work closely with Data Analysts, DataOps and Data Scientists to develop the Data & Analytics framework – Data Lake, Enterprise Data Warehouse solution and more
Work collaboratively with development, product, and QA teams to implement required updates and changes.
Facilitate definitions of the scope and context of data migration requirements analysis for initiatives.
Experience in method development, validation and transfer.
IT technical skill to build & improve converters to interface with multiple systems internally/ externally.
Flexible working arrangements to work around our business needs and your lifestyle
Our client is a highly successful national accounting firm, who are values and services driven, with an excellent team culture, who value their employees.
They provide a supportive, collaborative environment, with state of the art offices, where there is room for you to shine and grow with the company.
Flexible work from home arrangements are on offer too.
Developing ETL processes using SQL, Python and Spark
Strong verbal communication skills and a passion for consulting.
Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. 
Design and develop real time streaming and batch processing pipeline solutions  
 Analytics and data science team
New Aim sells throughout all the major online channels and due to our dominant online presence our “shops” feature #1 in all channels.
For example, you can find our products in our Ozplaza.living shop on eBay, in our Artiss shop on Amazon, on Catch in our Daily Plaza shop, and in Kogan we are called One Shop.
In addition, New Aim operates a B2B platform offering dropship service to businesses like Costco, Harvey Norman and more.
Works with and supports internal stakeholders with the identification and prioritisation of time and cost saving initiatives through automation, working towards goals and timelines set by the needs of business
More about our team & benefits/ Why ELMO?
Attention to detail to consistently deliver high quality output;
Team member discounts on company products
Work with python systems to extract the data you will require; (Preferable C++ but not a must) 
Apply knowledge and expertise with geospatial data science to design and build high value assets to support researchers using the latest technologies and best practices.
Be part of a company that is leading the way in specialised areas and partnered on unique,.
high profile client projects - Greenfield and existing.
Demonstrated ability to collaborate with staff across a number of laboratories and research institutions
The successful applicant will have experience with building PowerBI dashboards and demonstrate the ability to wrangle data to ensure that dashboards are updated regularly.
In addition, you will bring;
Proven experience in data processing and programming  
Relevant experience gathering and analysing data and organizing reports, including the ability to present (e.g. Power Bi Dash boards) data and insights in a way that is engaging, concise, and supports leaders in their decision making and management practices
central importance of data to everything we do
Assessment of client requirements and the design of solutions to address them based on data analysis, data science, technology, and business process design.
Be a team player - supporting colleagues, sharing knowledge and improving production efficiencies
We will be commencing the first round interviews as candidates apply so don’t delay in expressing your interest for this role
Data modelling experience 
Pulling data to develop recurring or one-time reports as requested
Meritocracy – you are valued for how good you are and what you do, not your tenure
Other capabilities

strong data warehousing / data lake experience, with an emphasis on the Information Management domain  

Ability to automate applications, learn new technologies and integrate with its networking environment, across high-quality cloud-infrastructure
Develop a robust understanding of our customers to provide strategic input on marketing activities and onsite experience
High level analytical skills, the ability to problem solve & to provide business content to data results
Message to recruitment agencies and search firms
2-3 years’ experience in analysing data and integrating various data sources though programming
Please ensure you read the instructions carefully, noting failure to address identified requirements may lead to your application being deemed ineligible. 
Evangelising appropriate ML methods, explaining their associated benefits and limitations to non Data Scientists 
Recognised by Ethisphere as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the last 9 years in a row, ethics and values are at the heart of Capgemini's corporate culture and business.  
Embedded in our DNA, our seven values - Honesty, Boldness, Trust, Team Spirit, Freedom, Fun and Modesty - have remained the same since company inception in 1967. 
To see how we bring these values to life, visit www.capgemini.com/au-en/careers/ and listen to some of our employee's stories.
Liebherr’s decades of experience, knowledge, and dedication to the highest quality and most reliable technologies makes us a respected leader and a trustworthy partner to industry.
We sell and service earthmoving machinery, mining equipment, mobile cranes, tower cranes, maritime cranes as well as foundation and piling equipment throughout Australia and New Zealand.
Are you ready to join the family?
Social Work has a significant research profile and close local and national links with key human service agencies in the government and non-government sectors, social work professional bodies and other major social work schools internationally.
Document business processes, capabilities, and underpin data
Create custom software components and analytics applications.
Experience in designing and developing data-centric applications and solutions
Knowledge of organisational management applications (Synergetic, Canvas, MS SQL,Crystal Reports, .Net)
You have consumed and created data APIs
Strong enthusiasm to explore and create bran new concepts for one of the country's leading financial institutions
Responsible for executing all relevant project responsibilities within scope, timelines, and quality standards
Web development experience (Javascript, HTML, CSS, XML, Rest API)
-advantage
Co‐create new capabilities for Scentre Group, including extensions to our core machine learning models, creation of a space model.
Data collection and storage;
High level skills in the use of BI reporting tools such as Power BI, Tableau or Qlik
Location:  
Sydney CBD, NSW 2000
As a Servianite, you will work alongside a team of highly talented technical consultants that provide top quality solutions for a range of tier-1 clients across various industries (Telco, Finance, Aviation, Insurance etc).
It is a great opportunity for a passionate technologist with a solid understanding of data engineering and data warehousing best practices to join a rapidly growing consultancy.
Apply If this sounds like you, please send your resume by clicking the "apply" link below addressing Clare Williams, quoting reference number CWBIM40139 in the subject line.
Consulting experience
Must have:•    Scala •    
Python•    
AWS•    Interests in machine learning and data science 
•    Understanding of functional programming principles
Submit your CV and a brief cover letter outlining why this role at PeopleBench is right for you and
how your skills and experience meet the Capabilities and Qualifications of the role. 
2021
LinkedIn Top Employer and HRD Employer of Choice
Actively take part in team process improvement activities. 
Experience working on large projects
End-to-end analytic solution development expertise using cloud-based data analytics platforms to deliver self-service analytics solutions and/or real-time decisioning services;
What is in it for you?
Growing Company with Growing Opportunities: We encourage you to keep an open and creative mind, where learning and development opportunities are bountiful.
Engineering solutions on Azure for internal and external stakeholders. 
Experience in Azure, Snowflake, Qlik Replicate, Python, Powershell or equivalent
Social Work was established at The University of Melbourne in 1940 and continues to be one of the leading departments in the Asia-Pacific region.
In July 2009, Social Work became a Department of the School of Health Sciences, in the Faculty of Medicine, Dentistry and Health Sciences.
Knowledge and experience with SAS and SQL code development.
A consultative, customer-centric approach to work and demonstrated ability to communicate complex data to a lay audience
SQL Server roles - SSRS, and SSAS
Established Data & Analytics team 
A tertiary degree in geospatial engineering or a related field with at least 4 years subsequent relevant experience or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience.
Most importantly you will be excited by a role that will be instrumental in helping to build a stronger, fairer and more inclusive Victoria and how we can best set Jobs Victoria up for success.
To help our team members juggle the demands of work and life, our health and wellbeing program aims to encourage positive morale and help employees reduce stress through the promotion of work/ life balance.
Supporting the business with their quantitative analysis needs, e.g. review of underwriting question sets and processes;
Machine Learning Engineer
backgrounds including, race, ethnicity, disability, age, gender identity and sexual orientation bring
IMMEDIATE - Oracle Data Engineer (OBIEE) -
AUD 800 + super - 6+ mnths - NSW Government Project
Advanced knowledge of ETL tools for big data platforms that are aided by SQL and python scripts, a plus would be to work with python-based frameworks such as Airflow or Kafka.
solve highly complex problems and deliver high quality solutions
Experience preparing data for Data Science and Machine Learning modeling.
Lead and contribute to pilot projects that generate impactful outputs and feedback to AURIN’s operational activities.
At Lion, we choose to be a leader in driving inclusion, diversity, and gender parity.
We have an ambitious goal to reach at least 40% representation of both men and women in all teams in all areas of the business.
Are you hesitating to apply because you don’t think you meet all the criteria?
If you believe you are aligned with our values at Lion, we’d encourage you to still click on that apply button so we can explore  your unique skill set and the value you could add to one of our teams.
Use analytical tools to drive continuous improvement and evolve ranging process in line with the company’s strategic objectives  
Designing and building data transformation pipelines and machine learning algorithms to solve the business problem
Ventia offers you a flexible, supportive and inclusive work environment where you matter.
In MucPharm, we aim to improve the quality of life for patients suffering from mucinous cancers and other diseases.
Databases, and objects (tables, views) within databases
Azure Data Lake / Blob (Storage purpose)
Designing and delivering cloud-based solutions, providing technical leadership and mentoring across multiple developer squads, guiding teams as they scale up for transformation delivery.
Digital & UX experience
Good things you’ll need
Strong technical background in data management and insights & analytics
Prior experience in a similar role would be a distinct advantage.
Candidates who have worked within a pathology laboratory will be highly regarded.
Great culture, team focused environment and benefits
You will bring the following skills and experience to the role:
At Datagamz we really value our culture and the way we work together to get stuff done. 
Build out unified data assets and data models
Analytical modelling skills include understanding and execution of statistical market data information, collating predictive model outcomes and actual data to perform pricing analyses that have a complete view of cost, price, competitive position, and demand
·       
SEEKer Support, offering mental/physical wellbeing counselling
Passion for data!
Optimising code and ensuring we are getting the best out of the Data Platform
Experience with data visualisation tools, data analytics and predictive analytics platforms
Experience with CI/CD workflows, Infrastructure as Code practices & productionising data services.
Communicates effectively with technical and non-technical stakeholders and team members
Experience combining operations research with data engineering techniques for modelling fixed and variable cost, as well as resource allocation efficiency.
Experience with project execution software and solutions (eg.
Microsoft Project, Oracle Primavera P6)
To be considered for this role, the following skills and experience are mandatory:     
Expression and purification of proteins, particularly monoclonal antibodies, using affinity column purification.
Friendly, welcoming team on a key project that will positively contribute to the world.
Excellent verbal/written communication skills, including communicating technical issues to non-technical audiences.
Extensive knowledge in the design and development of contemporary data warehouses including dimensional modelling, Extract Transform Load (ETL) programming, and Business Intelligence tools, using the Microsoft Technology Stack.
Experience with transport protocols and encryption (TLS) is required
Ongoing training and professional development
Strong domain knowledge of data science workflows (end to end ML modelling)
         Takes responsibility for areas of responsibility, provides high quality and timely results while offering flexibility and proactive approach;
Monitor and analyse data reports/dashboards/pipelines and do RCA
(root cause analysis) & troubleshooting of issues that arise
Senior Data Scientists may have a tertiary degree in data science, mathematics, computer science or a related discipline, or relevant professional experience.
They will have experience with the application of a range of data science and machine learning techniques and expertise in one or more programming languages.
They will be able to take full ownership of the technical backlog, assigning tasks to data scientists and providing holistic technical guidance and leadership.
They are held accountable for the success or failure of the projects they lead and can work with others to stay on schedule.
Senior Data Scientists also mentor other data scientists and analysts and play a key role in advancing the data science discipline within the Department.
What does it take to become a Civican?
Professional development opportunities 
Administration and Management of data and databases
Ideally a minimum of 3 years’ experience working in Operations or business improvement
Experience working with master data
demonstrated experience with data visualisation platforms
Build your knowledge, capability and relationships with Engineering and Product leaders at Seek
Strong ETL / ELT skills
Flexible work hours and Work-life balance
What we can offer you
The Senior Data Engineer role will see you working with multiple clients, projects and stakeholders.
You will find yourself working with fellow experts in the DataOps, Digital, and AI teams.
You will be 2IC to Head of Data and AI/ML and work autonomously to design data architectures for our clients.
Engagement: Establish strong working relationships with the key stakeholders across all functional areas to identify and help address key organisational challenges
Canberra, CBD
Excellent data entry skills including high attention to detail and data accuracy
Identify automation opportunities and optimise data delivery and reporting
At Menulog we’re delivering delicious dishes to thousands of food lovers every day; from brilliant burgers to superb sushi.
With more than 30,000 restaurant partners, we pride ourselves on providing amazing food experiences to over four million active customers each year. 
Reporting to the Head of Business Intelligence, this role will lead the development, implementation and management of ACM's Data infrastructure.
The role will work closely with the other members of the Data team to provide best in class data solutions for ACM.
You will have experience in:
Awareness of the principles of confidentiality, privacy and information handling
History of data analysis and reporting, with the ability to present insights visually in PowerBI
You have performed large scale data migrations, designed relational data models from scratch and can optimise SQL queries for production.
Tomorrow can’t wait.
A friendly, casual, fun office environment
Experience systems integration
Demonstrated experience in multi-layer data warehousing.
Provide solution and analytical insights to deepen our understanding of organisations data and its application to drive more accurate and informed decision making to help growth and success.
Are you passionate about retail & using data to make a tangible difference?
Are you looking for an opportunity to combine your analytical skills with your ability to communicate a compelling story and build great relationships?
If so, this is the ideal role for you!

expert understanding and application of data encryption and data anonymisation techniques 

Looking for your next challenge?
We’re looking for technologists who love to solve complex problems and influence and shape the future.  
Interested?
Provide technical support and communication in the event of high priority incidents Developing and designing ETL methodology for supporting data transformations using Ab Initio
Develop dashboards, predictive modelling heuristics, and AI products to aid decision making for different clients of our subsidiaries. 
2+ years of experience in applying AI to practical and comprehensive technology solutions
This individual is responsible for defining and delivering business and financial analysis and support data driven decision making that will ultimately improve customer outcomes, recipient engagement and business performance.
This role will be a global subject matter expert on customer-related data and insights whilst also working on ad hoc decision support to help evaluate the execution of key projects and strategic initiatives.
We embrace diversity of thought, style and working arrangement to ensure our workforce is representative of the community that we service. 
We are committed to an inclusive environment where people feel comfortable to be themselves.
We want our people to feel that all voices are heard, all cultures respected and that a variety of perspectives are not only welcome – they are essential to our success.
We treat each other fairly and with dignity regardless of race, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, age, sexual orientation or anything else that makes us different.
Have the opportunity to work flexibly and/or remotely 

Up to $700 in electricity reimbursements each year  

Globally, we are facing one of the most pivotal times in the pursuit of cancer cures, and Peter Mac stands at its forefront.
Together, we aim to lead a new era of cancer prevention, care and discovery, supported by state-of-the-art facilities at our new home within the Victorian Comprehensive Cancer Centre building.
Working for an employer of choice also means you will enjoy:
enjoy flexible work options and an inclusive environment where everyone is respected and valued for who they are and their unique contribution
Senior Data Analyst – Corrections Research, Evaluation & Statistics – Clerk Grade 9/10  
(Sydney)
Develop and maintain platform cloud infrastructure with software engineering approaches (e.g. IaaS, peer reviews, CI/CD).
About our Client:
Visualizing and analyzing data in meaningful ways, and be able to communicate insights effectively to a variety of stakeholders
Our commitment to you
Key Duties and Responsibilities:
Minimum 5+ years of hands-on experience in building and maintaining predictive models using Python, R scripting and SQL
Virgin Australia is currently recruiting for a Reporting and Analytics Analyst to contribute to our strategic direction, profitability, performance and improvement by enhancing data availability and enabling/producing efficient intelligent reporting  
Facilitate data-driven research through the Sydney Informatics Hub
Progressive expertise in Python
Auditing experience or understanding of auditing processes;
Work in our research and development (R&D) team to build out our roadmap and satisfy the direction of our AI strategy
access CircleIn Parental Support - an online support resource for our working parents
Reporting to our Head of Financial Planning & Analysis, you will help us understand, analyse, map and document our data landscape. 
Understanding of data integration/ ETL/ ELT and metadata driven frameworks
What experience you’ll bring
The successful candidate will have:
Working closely with BizCover’s Data Analysts and Data Scientists to build operational data pipelines and as part of solutions which will operationalise Machine Learning.
Experience working with enterprise-level data warehouse applications providing solutions on Teradata platform would be desirable.
Leverage LFS cloud infrastructure to research into and innovate with ML methodologies to build and deploy explainable and robust models.
In this business-critical role, you will be using the latest methodologies and technology in the Data Engineering space.
You will participate in helping them enhance their data solution and play an important role in their vision.
Their development team works in an open, agile environment that values innovation and a start-up attitude, while enjoying the stability of being part of a leading travel industry company.
Data testing and system testing (preferably have created test plans, have executed test activities, and have created test summary reports)
A solid understanding of Mobile attribution, GTM, Google Analytics and other web analytics packages
Develop and embed sustainable and high-performing production capabilities for real-time decisioning solutions.
Who we work for... 
Identify and support opportunities for proactive promotion of SPI initiatives to share good practice, lessons learned and celebrate SPI achievements across the entire project workforce, including subcontractors.
An opportunity to work with a highly reputable Foundation within the Not for Profit and Healthcare industries that will give you firsthand experience in making a real difference in the wider community
Generous Paid Parental Leave for both parents
Talent Pool 

If the selection panel identifies more than one suitable candidate for the role, an eligibility list will be created for future permanent full time / part time, temporary and casual vacancies.
Your extensive experience in undertaking complex data extraction, transformation and load activities using a range of tools and technologies will be key in your success.
         Self-motivated with the ability to work to deadlines (resilient), manage priorities and makes decisions at the appropriate level; and
Career development/Teamwork and building activities
Support data quality, data ownership, data protection & security information management
Provide technical support during the data migration loads (
E.g.:
upload error / defect resolution).
Able to clearly articulate complex information in a simple manner by using your well-developed written and verbal communication skills.
Additional Information 
● Previous hands-on experience of quantitative (and ideally qualitative research)
Facilitation, presentation, and client liaison skills
Ability to assess, architect and design new data integrations from various sources.
At HBF, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our community.
HBF is a place of belonging.
We are proud of who we are, and we encourage applications from diverse groups such as Indigenous and Torres Strait Islander people, physical ability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression and family background, including caring responsibilities.
We know how important keeping that balance between work/life is and have a range of flexible working options on offer, including part time.
We are open to this conversation during our recruitment process if you want to know more just ask!
Keep our data separated and secure across national boundaries through multiple data centers and AWS regions.
Your new company This Federal Government Authority is an independent statutory body established to give Australians access to quality support for the skills and education purposes for employment.
Using the analysis and reviews of current trends and educational research to keep up with the current employment market and looking to get ahead.
Currently, they are seeking an EL1 Senior Quantitative/Data Analyst.  
Your new role Due to the change in the way education has been evolving over the last couple of years, the ability to identify trends and effectiveness of the recent changes in the educational system have become more necessary.
Through the collection of multiple data points, the successful applicant will be able to analyse, collate and provide feedback to a critical department for the future.  
As a Senior Quantitative/Data Analyst you will be required to design analysis for answering research questions using administrative data for the section.
You won't be limited to this however; you will also be expected to complete:
Attractive Remuneration
Experience in ingesting and processing data from various types of source systems and data formats.
To be successful in the role, you will have:
Becoming a product expert / technical lead for Dell Boomi applications including the AtomSphere integration platform
Tronox is a fully integrated titanium minerals producer and pigment manufacturer.
Across our Australian operations, we extract and process rich mineral sands into a range of valuable products including ilmenite, zircon, rutile and titanium dioxide pigment which are then exported to international markets. 
Strives to improve self and Elula at large 
The City of Wanneroo's Waste Services Unit highly values data which we aim to use to inform, educate and drive continuous improvement.
You will be part of a small team making a big difference to the organisation, community and the environment.
International travel opportunities
There are multiple data sets available for secondary analysis including UNICEF MICS using the DHS DV module, National Census Data, and Household Income and Expenditure surveys (HIES).  
Secondary analysis will be on the topics of domestic violence, gender, youth and disability.
Ability to distil complex concepts to easy-to-understand frameworks and presentations
Azure Data Factory
Prepare internal performance and progress reports and contribute to briefings for executive.
Proactively provide insights to improve products, channels, customer experience
Strong experience in data visualisation, dashboard and report development using Power BI and Excel
Based in the ACRF Translational Research Laboratory under the leadership of Prof David Ritchie and Dr Rachel Koldej
Experience at some level within the electrical industry
Our commitment to a diverse and inclusive workplace:
As the Data and Systems Engineer, you'll be part of an energetic Technology and Insights team focused on developing innovative digital tools to help the team helping Victorians, including people who have lost their jobs due to the economic impacts of COVID19, find work.
Recognised for our industry focus, we are strong across all the key  industry sectors: financial institutions; energy; infrastructure,  mining and commodities; transport; technology and innovation; and life  sciences and healthcare.
Knowing how our clients' businesses work and  understanding what drives their industries is fundamental to us.
The Data Analyst is responsible for gathering, analysing and producing reports with data obtained from the Customer Relationship Management (CRM
) tool to enable business decisions to be made.
The Scientist is expected to take an operational lead in the efficient running of the laboratory including, but not limited to training and education of molecular diagnostic staff, management of staff rosters, performance of internal and external audits and quality assurance activities, and supervision and support of staff working in the Molecular microbiology testing areas to ensure a continuous and reliable output of results.
The scientist will provide training and oversight of molecular point of care assays performed in Austin pathology peripheral laboratories, and work collaboratively with the Austin Pathology Point of Care Manager.
This may include designing and preparing remote training modules and travelling to regional areas to support laboratory set up and establish training programs.
The scientist will prepare validation documents sharing key responsibility for the maintenance of laboratory accreditation, and undertake other laboratory duties as directed by the General Manager (Operations) in accordance with NPAAC requirements for submission to NATA for accreditation.
Experience in the physical and chemical characterisation of vaccine / protein solutions and solids (e.g. particle size analysis, calorimetry, water-content and purity assessment).
HorizonOne is committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce and we encourage applications from people of all cultures, capabilities and backgrounds.
Building Bright Futures
Contribute to exploratory activities for novel therapeutics.
Enjoy being part of a driven team with a collaborative culture that values decision-makers and action
WEHI's commitment to diversity and inclusion
About Menulog
The Company 
Does this sound like you?
State: QLD, licensee/s
Manpower Services (Australia)
Pty Ltd, LHL-02026-D5L4Q. State:
QLD, LHL-02014-Y5F6D. State:
SA, licensee/s Manpower Services (Australia)
Pty Ltd, LHS 288856
HOW TO APPLY
Stimulating and Flexible Culture: 
We are an ambitious and motivated team where we constantly challenge and learn from each other.
Top $'s Paid !
What are the perks 
3-5 years' experience in data modelling
strong understanding of modern data analytics and data science methods and tools
Our Values:
Powerlink is currently undertaking an organisational data and analytics maturity uplift and we’re looking for a BI Data Analyst to join the Business IT, Business Intelligence Team. 
Experience using either R, Python or Scala programming languages
Workplace benefits and culture
Undergraduate Degree or relevant industry qualifications
Demonstrated commitment to excellent customer service with a high level of interpersonal, communication, negotiation and influencing skills and the ability to develop and maintain strong collaborative relationships with internal and external stakeholders and interact professionally with a diverse range of people at all levels.
Combinatorial optimisation
As a "hands on" Data Analyst utilising the Microsoft BI stack you will get to work on one of the largest customised Salesforce implementations in the southern hemisphere.
Please advise us if you require any additional assistance in order to fully participate in the recruitment process or the workplace.
As our Data Engineer you will support the Data Warehouse Manager in maintaining and developing the Menulog data warehouse by creating workflows to collect and transform raw data into organised and usable information.
You’ll also help to automate workflows and business processes to ensure Menulog operates efficiently.
This will require you to understand business requirements and implement technical solutions to fulfil business needs.
Key responsibilities include: 
Collaborating nationally to design and develop a system that allows virtual cohorts from several federated systems to be cross-queried, identified and analysed using genomic analysis pipelines
Day to day responsibilities will include:
Generous salary packaging options and other fringe benefits
Data storage and life cycle management according to best practice and policy, including the development of metadata and methods statement.
Time For Change
Given this, you will be required to disclose your COVID-19 vaccination status as part of your application for employment with Coles.
You may be required to provide further evidence of vaccination status as part of your application. 
Digital and Marketing Specialist
Learning and development opportunities, including in-house training with RTO My Health Learning
Knowledge of Airflow, or similar workflow management platform
Some familiarity with cloud platforms such as AWS (preferred), GCP or Azure
         Perform financial modelling as require
To be eligible for this position, you are required to have Australian citizenship, permanent residence or a current valid visa that allows you to fulfil the requirements of this role.
Developed skills and experience in statistical / machine learning techniques
Previous experience within a Banking & Finance environment is essential.
The amount of experience may vary between candidates as we have several opportunities available.
We’d love to hear from candidates with 2+ years industry experience.
At Dermalogica, we live and breathe our values and do whatever it takes to embrace a positive and energetic culture.
We are looking for like-minded people who are also results-driven, collaborative, and innovative.
Your passion lies within the detail of reporting and analytics and you possess the following attributes and technical experience:
Ensure ongoing data integrity, reporting data inconsistencies and resolving these in close collaboration with stakeholders.
Lexer helps brands and retailers drive incremental sales.
Proven experience in providing high-quality reports
Family & friends discounts as well as huge benefits for yourself
Strong knowledge of data and inventory management principles and practices
What you'll be doing
Ability to build relationships, work collaboratively and influence stakeholders
Report on key metrics, analyse and interpret trends to providing actionable insights based on available data
Data delivery and visualisation including data marts, APIs and visualisation/BI tools.
Your responsibilities will include (however are not limited to): 
Opportunity to purchase up to an additional 4 weeks of annual leave each year
Experience in the facilitation of technical teams during planning and design activities.
Fluency in Mandarin is desirable
Gain familiarity and proficiency with our different systems, technologies, and tools:Data engineering using Spark, Delta Lake, Databricks, Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL etc.
Infrastructure as code using Terraform.
AWS tools like Lambda, SQS, Kinesis, Glue.
Safely testing and deploying new code using Buildkite.
API development with Python and FastAPI.
Advanced Microsoft Excel skills.
Senior HR Advisor
Must have experience working with data solutions based common technologies such as Microsoft/Azure, Oracle or AWS
To transform concepts into robust and repeatable processes and assist with Business As Usual (BAU) activities
Knowledge / Skills / Capabilities / Qualifications
Demonstrated experience in improving business outcomes through the use of statistical methods, and advanced Machine Learning techniques
These positions will be based in Canberra, Melbourne or Sydney.
Experience in MLOPs
familiarity of Data Engineering, Data Platforms, Pipelines or ETL
Provide expert advice to support the development of digital strategy and data initiatives.
Rabobank Australia fully embraces inclusion and belonging and delivers positive experiences for our people and clients.
Our great working conditions, broad learning and development programmes and the opportunity to work together for the greater good are reasons why our employees love working here.
We are committed to our values; we are client focussed, action oriented, purposeful and courageous in our work.  
We are professional and considerate and bring out the best in each other and are committed to keep learning.   
We have an open culture, where you can be yourself and be valued for who you are.
The Data Scientist works within the Research and Evaluation team to establish and support the early features of an Advanced Analytics function, initially in a research context.
This role will collaborate closely with the business intelligence and data teams within Ahpra.
This hands-on role involves developing and maintaining analytics capability that support Ahpra to use regulatory data to optimize decisions and meet business goals effectively.
To be part of a supportive and talented team
setting up templates
Able to manage multiple, concurrent tasks with competing demand
Industry recognised training and qualifications
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work with a wide range of stakeholders
Experience in Power BI desirable
Take part in a greenfield project where you will get the opportunity to make your mark
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
$100 - $130 per hour (inc super)
Experience working with SSIS and other data transformation tools
Microsoft Excel and good working experience with other Microsoft tools
Experience using agency tools for analysis is highly regarded e.g. Quantium, Nielsen, Shopper Intelligence
Design and build multi-terabyte and full end-to-end Data Warehouse infrastructure using confidential Redshift for large scale data handling.
BPosition overview

Business Intelligence Analyst Needed!

The Business Intelligence Analyst will be responsible for supporting the delivery of a portfolio of business intelligence projects, working closely with both the business stakeholders and other business solutions team members.

This position will assist in the design and build of our clients centralised Data Platform and Business Intelligence capabilities to enable access to relevant information by business users, managers and decision makers in a straightforward, user friendly way to support achievement of organisational activities, objectives and KPIs.

As a part of Data & Analytics team, this position will support current activities in establishing the organisation’s Data Strategy, Governance Framework and Data Quality benchmarks. 

Our client is an unlisted public company that is wholly owned by the ACT Government and;manages over $2b of water and wastewater assets with $300m annual revenue;holds a 50% interest in ActewAGL Distribution which owns over $1.4b of electricity and gas distributions networks; andholds a 50% interest in ActewAGL Retail which holds a majority market share in the ACT electricity and gas retail market with a turnover of over $600 million.


The voting shareholders are the Chief Minister of the ACT and the Minister for the Environment and Heritage.
Our client has corporate reporting and compliance obligations under the Territory-owned Corporations Act 1990 and Corporations Law.


In addition to legislation relating to all management roles, you are responsible for specific outcomes required by legislation governing the supply of water and sewerage services including the Utilities Act 2000, Water Resources Act 2007,
Environment Protection Act 1997, Water and Sewerage Act 2000 and the Public Health Act 1997.


Your duty to your employer includes an obligation to carry out your work in a way that does not put our client in breach of any legislative or regulatory obligations.
Our client will have responsibility to provide suitable training and to make you aware of the legal obligations relevant to your work.


Under the Integrated Management System, you are required to participate fully in, and lead for your own area of responsibility, all aspects of health, safety and environmental management, including risk assessment, hazard identification and control and incident reporting.

Key responsibilities

· Develop reports and dashboards that meet the needs of the end user by, analysing user needs, accurately identifying information to be provided, ensuring the information provided is insightful and presenting information clearly.


· Ongoing support and maintenance of existing Power BI dashboards, ad hoc analyses and data extracts.
Interpret data, and analyse results using statistical techniques.


· Collate data from various source systems and databases, cleanse, transform and prepare data for Power BI reporting and ad hoc analysis.
Build dashboards and ad hoc reports to synthesise and aggregate data across multiple sources for internal and external stakeholders.


· Apply skills to a range of analytical, diagnostic and problem-solving activities.
Undertake activities for assembling Data Dictionary, Defining Data Standards and Data Model quality analysis.


· Assist in developing and maintaining Data architecture artefacts, including standards, principles, strategies, and road maps.


· Perform tasks such as gathering information, assessing content, organising meetings, stakeholder liaison.


· Lead Data initiatives and improvement projects independently.


· Perform gap analysis assessments of Data models and operations to identify opportunities for data quality improvement.
Identify & investigate data quality issues and define data quality rules and thresholds.


· Conduct demonstrations, user testing, feedback and training sessions.


· Participate in Digital Technology Group governance processes including Digital Design Authority and Change Advisory Boards.


· Other duties within the employee's skill, competence and training.

Qualifications, knowledge and experience

·
Tertiary qualifications in Information Technology or other relevant degree.
Relevant industry certification is desirable, not mandatory


· Knowledge gained through hands-on experience in aspects of BI solution design, build, and deploy, including diagnosis and resolution of operational issues

· Development experience in the Microsoft Business Intelligence Stack (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS) or similar, and hands on experience in dashboards using Power BI


· Capability to apply advanced Data and Analytical technical skills and knowledge in work area.
Has knowledge of common statistical and data modelling techniques.


· Exhibits strong knowledge of Business Intelligence concepts and practices


· Experience with Office 365 and other data, analytic technologies, data visualisation and language and scripting tools

·
Exhibits solid relationship building and influencing skills to mobilise Data and Analytics concepts and actions with stakeholders

· 2 to 3 years of experience in the IT industry with broader understanding of Business Intelligence development practices, solution design, build, test, deploy and operations


· Experience in Agile practices and cloud technologies is desirable, not mandatory

Attributes and skills


Initiative.
Contributes ideas and initiates new ways of working, shows enthusiasm for project work and special assignments and takes ownership of problems, acts on opportunities and devises practical solutions.
Professionalism.
Regulates own behaviour, comprehends organisational structure and culture and acts appropriately in the execution of duties.
Service orientation.
Displays a commitment to delivering quality client service, values the provision of accurate and timely information and relates to people from across the organisation.
Communication skills.
Communicates effectively verbally and in writing, adapting style to suit different audiences.
Integrity.
behaves in an honest and trustworthy manner, treats others fairly and is open about own misjudgements and any conflicts of interest which may be present
Cancer
As one of Australia’s largest listed companies, we’re proud of our longstanding contribution to Australians.
Wesfarmers achievements are deeply rooted in the desire to continually reinvent ourselves for the brands we stand behind, destinations that many Aussies call home.
Think retailers like Bunnings, Kmart, Target, Catch and Officeworks.
Our work doesn’t stop there, we operate in the industrials sector which supplies the nation with chemicals, energy and fertilisers, and industrial and safety products.
Manage and monitor all our distributed systems, storage infrastructure and data processing platforms (HDFS, Kubernetes, Dremio, in-house data pipelines)
Culture and Benefits
Comfortable with git or other software versioning systems.
Excellent Communication skills both written and oral, and the ability to converse with all level of staff from senior level management to peers.
Exposure to the areas of economics or corporate finance advantageous
Building systems fit for purpose and follow current Datagamz development practices
Responsible for obtaining and applying contemporaneous skills, knowledge, and capabilities to understand, test, apply and implement data science
Develop, enhance and maintain creative, interactive and insightful production-grade visualisations, dashboards and reports
genU is short for Generation You.
Because whatever generation you belong to, whether you’re young, old, or somewhere in between, what unites us is the belief that neither disability nor ageing are disadvantages to be endured but challenges to be met boldly, achievements to be had and adventures in the making.
partnering with teams such as architecture, platform engineering, security to align and build to Seek's technical strategy
We can offer: 
The opportunity to participate in the Wesfarmers Share Plan
Working with a small friendly team, you will use your love of data and keen eye for detail to develop your analytical skills, analysing data sets from flow monitoring projects.
Specifically, you will become proficient in remote data review and edit, flow balancing and finalisation and reporting. 
Ability to work and perform in a complex and changing environment.
Able to interpret and resolve complex and sensitive issues.
Ensure regular update of Smartsheet to aid in efficient planning and tracking of projects
(Desirable) High attention to detail with solid documentation skills and good client communication skills
Build a scalable system that processes a lot of data in  a secure fashion, with increasing real-time requirements.
Creating pipeline templates for reusability.         
Work with traders, quants, software developers in a highly focused team building, deploying and improving automated trading systems. 
5 years full time commercial experience of which a minimum of 3 years is in a full-time  
(Direct or indirect) management position in a customer services / contact centre environment
● Database on cloud platforms, preferably Google Cloud Platform (BigQuery, Cloud Composer or ApacheAirflow / Cloud Storage / AppEngine / Cloud Datastore / Cloud SQL)
● Strong SQL and a variety of languages and tools (e.g. scripting languages such Python, GoogleAppScripts) to marry systems together● ETL and Analytics to be performed using Google Cloud Platform products (Cloud Composer / StoredProcedures / BTEQ)
● Collation of structured and unstructured data sources across a variety of platforms● Build and support visualisations using Tableau with ability to draw insights from data
Perform Data Analytics & Business Intelligence duties including but not limited to business analysis, information analysis, data extraction, loading and transformation (ETL/ELT), data modelling, data cube development, report development, user training and documentation
Technical ownership of Reporting and Data Warehousing systems and services, and related environments.
This is a combination of an on-prem SQL server DW and an Azure Synapse DW that this role will continue to develop;
Location: Parkville
Advanced skills in relevant programming languages such as Python and/or R for the development of internal and external stakeholder data outputs and dashboards. 
We are currently seeking for a Business Improvement Analyst to join our Continuous Improvement team at Velocity Truck Centres.
The purpose of this position is to understand the current state of the business processes and develop a strategic gap analysis to provide opportunities for improvement.
Reporting to the National Continuous Improvement Manager, this role will also support national Business/Continuous Improvement (BI/CI) activities such as developing metrics, standardised processes, and best practice ways of working for the group. 
Assist with putting together training documentation, and facilitate training sessions
Ensure laboratory equipment is maintained and calibrated according to SOPs; troubleshoot instruments if required
Division/Faculty: Faculty of Medicine, Dentistry and Health Sciences
Exposure to - Big Data, Apache Nifi, Kafka 
Develop the asset data capture strategy to optimise resource utilisation 
Demonstrated experience in turning business use cases and requirements into technical solutions.
At Cochlear we value and welcome the unique contributions, perspectives, experiences and backgrounds of our employees and aim to build a culture that celebrates and leverages these differences, creating a sense of belonging and enabling our people to realise their full potential.
This is a rare opportunity for a skilled Data Analyst to join an innovative regulatory department.
The successful Data Analyst will be offered an initial 6-month contract, partnered with a 6 month extension option at a competitive hourly rate.
If you have the required skills, DON'T DELAY, APPLY NOW please forward your resume to jobs@hitechaust.com quoting ref number JB0710 today!
For more opportunities go to www.hitechaust.com
Qualifications and skills required:
Responsible for implementation and ongoing administration of Hadoop infrastructure.
The role supports the Productivity and Automation team within the People & Data Analytics functional area.
The team is responsible for the initiation, design, development and delivery of a wide range of Human Resource related dashboards (Power BI), analytics, measurement, research and evaluation projects. 
Temporary Opportunity up to 31/10/2022
Degree Qualifications in Commerce, Business, Data Science, IT (or any other degree that requires some data savvy)
About The TeamThe AI & Platform Services (AIPS) team exists within the Seek Group and provides AI-centric core services that scale globally including search, behavioural tracking,  recommendations, candidate matching, ontological services and personalisation.
AIPS works primarily with internal partners, delivering services to these partners, who in turn deliver products to customers (candidates, hirers).Members of the AIPS team fall into one of three primary roles• AI (artificial intelligence and machine learning)• Strategy (business, product, go to market)• Engineering (development, devops, operationalisation of models)People representing each of these roles are combined into squads which are in turn responsible for related sets of business services.
Strong problem solving, statistical and conceptual skills
Deepen our modelling capability using tools such as Python, SQL and cloud computing platforms (e.g., AWS)
Excellent understanding of relevant data management applications and languages such as SAS, SQL, Enterprise R, Pl/SQL, JavaScriptExcellent understanding of data modelling principles and frameworks, including Data Vault 2.0., including conceptual, logical and physical data models for operational systems, data lakes, data warehouses and data marts
Degree/qualification in any of the following - Computer Science (preferred), Applied Mathematics, Analytics, Information Systems or majored in computing
For application enquiries or technical issues, please contact Mariyah Hanif via email: Mariyah.Hanif@justice.nsw.gov.au  
The successful candidate will be primarily responsible for providing support for the analysis, design, development and deployment of enterprise reporting and data analytics services and solutions, using Power BI and the Microsoft database and development platforms.
AWS certifications are highly desirable
Provide business insights to support the decision making of stakeholders
This is an exciting role for an analytical mind to identify opportunities and create reporting which influences decisions that make Lion a first choice with consumers and enable us to win with our customers.
A day in the life
strong data warehousing / data lake experience, with an emphasis on the Information Management domain  
Preparation and development of client and internal quality reports in line with agreed schedules and timeframes.
Evaluate operations for inefficiencies and identify areas where you can create, automate, and develop tools 
Good communication skills & confidence in sharing and presenting ideas with data engineers/data scientists.
Client visits
Inclusion at AGL
Exceptional stakeholder management skills
Experience in documentation of requirements 
Building reports, visualisations and dashboards using MS and SAP Analytics Cloud.
About Lexer
Responsibilities
Academic background in a maths, computer science, financial or numeric degree
Training Technology Services colleagues on how to use and create reports
Advanced Microsoft Office Suite (including Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access and SharePoint)
If the above role interests you please apply at jbarve@talentstreet.com.au 
Digital inclusion - at Capgemini we are using our skills to drive social impact initiatives focusing on helping society address the impact of the digital and automation revolution.  
We also provide employees with opportunities to give back to the community through charity projects and volunteer days.
Knowledge and experience with SAS and SQL code development 
Work closely with key stakeholders to understand their strategies and business requirements to formulate appropriate analytical solutions
Relevant Information Technology degree
/diploma
You’ll have opportunities to:
You’ll also be helping our team to develop and mature our data and analytics platform and operating model, taking advantage of the latest emerging cloud services and DataOps tools and techniques.
ABS ICT graduatesThe ABS will be seeking a number of ICT graduates across the ABS work program in various locations around Australia.
As an ICT graduate you may work in one of these areas:
Strong stakeholder engagement skills, communication and listening skills.
Analytical skills sufficient to assess problems and propose appropriate solutions
We are looking for a passionate Insights Hub Data Engineer for a 12-month fixed term contract who isn’t afraid to approach complex problems head on, has a ‘can do’ attitude and takes great pride in their work.
You will play a key role in delivering high quality and innovative solutions / insights contributing to successful outcomes for the company
Developing guidelines and procedures for information management across ACOR Petrochemical team.
Working with highly skilled Data Scientists within SEEK’s AI team reporting to the Principal Data Scientist, you will be responsible for building and supporting end-to-end machine learning products delivering value to hirers and job seekers.
You will be part of a cross-disciplinary team of data scientists, software engineers and product managers to deliver real time ML APIs. 
Ability to work within the values and behaviours of Vaxxas.
The key responsibilities for this role include, but are not limited to:
Build integrations between key business systems using contemporary cloud native tools and methodologies
Stakeholder management skills; exceptional ability to influence and be the trusted advisor.
Develop innovative reporting solutions in Power Bi
Deloitte Services Pty Ltd
Knowledge of relational databases such as SQL Server as well as the use of NoSQL databases.
Familiarity or experience with social media and digital marketing metrics
Evolve is an award winning agency specialising in scientific/technical recruitment in: Pharmaceutical, Food, Biotechnology, Chemical, Petrochemical, Environmental
Identify, investigate, and resolve data exceptions and data quality issues
A culture that rewards initiative and creativity
Ideally some Python/C# experience 
You’ll also be helping the team to develop and mature our data and analytics platform and operating model, taking advantage of the latest emerging cloud services and DataOps tools and techniques.
What We Offer
Perform deep-dive data analysis to generate business insights
Implementation experience in BigData Platform ; preferably in Cloudera Hadoop platform
Lead a team while remaining positive and respond to pressures in a calm manner, identify issues and escalate appropriately
Discounts of up to 25% on our various Insurance, Banking & Superannuation products
A genuine passion for and connection to the data engineering community
Develop and maintain strong working relationships with stakeholders and suppliers both internal and external, ensuring appropriate information is shared to enable effective decision making
Experience with big data technologies like Hadoop and Spark
Skills / Experience
Ensure applications are running at peak efficiency
Strong stakeholder management
We’re hiring the best and the brightest talent in Australia.
Let’s start to explore the possibilities of achieving great things together.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
Have clear understanding and past experience in Agile software development methodologies.
How does it work?The successful applicants will be immersed into 4 months of intensive classroom training based on the market-leading technologies, Tableau and Alteryx. 
Perform a range of laboratory support and/or specimen reception services and/or collection services, and provide assistance to laboratory staff, under supervision, to deliver a patient focused service.
Data development / data engineering experience.
How to ApplyTo apply, click on the “Apply Now" button to complete your application and send through a copy of your CV along with a covering letter outlining why your skill and experience meet the requirements of this role.
A self-starter who is highly motivated and passionate about finding insights through data
Demonstrated hands-on relational, dimensional, and/or analytic experience (using RDBMS, dimensional, NoSQL data platform technologies, and ETL and data ingestion processes).
The key purpose of role is to review, analyse and interpret data in relation to superannuation funds.
A strong focus will be on ensuring accuracy of APRA data submissions and managing data.
Another key area will be preparing high-quality reports in timely manner with relevant insights and trends in order to assist the Superannuation Trustee Office (STO) with business-critical decision making which are in best interest of members.   
Employee Benefits
Generous parental leave policy for both primary and secondary carers
Carey Baptist Grammar School is committed to providing a safe environment for all students, acting in their best interests, promoting their wellbeing and keeping them safe at all times.
Agencies please note: this recruitment assignment is being managed directly by Blackmores Talent Acquisition team.
We will reach out to our preferred agency partners if required.
Your respect for this process is appreciated.
Must have work experience in cloud Data Warehouse development and implementation using AWS Redshift.
AFR #1 Most Innovative Company for Technology 2021
YVW is a community-focused, purpose-driven water organisation full of passionate, dedicated, and imaginative people.
Victorian Government-owned and committed to improving our state through essential water and sanitation services, whilst protecting and sustaining the environment.
They are proud of their heritage and progressive about the future.
They work in a unique way to deliver affordable, high-quality services whilst driving water conservation to accommodate their growing population.
Performed debugging and performance tuning of Spark applications.
Participate in Agile ceremonies
You'll need:
If this sounds like you and you want to join the Loup team, apply with your resume and cover letter.
What you can expect. 
We are super flexible, Wear whatever
, Work wherever, Whenever you want
Our business is focused developing our people and offerings across the following:
Support the QA / testing processes, primarily by building out automated test cases.
If you are ready to join an innovative industry leader and would like to register your interest in working for Boeing, please click Apply Now.
Undertake unit testing of all fix developments.
About the opportunity
Measure and optimise systems by tracking their performance in real-world usage.
Analysing the performance of models against actual performance to critically assess the solution's impact to the business
The Customer Performance Reporting group forms part of the Customer Services Assurance Organisation within NEC's Customer Success department within the Managed Services business unit.
The Customer Performance Management group provides Service Reporting, Service Analysis and Measurement services to the NEC internal organisation and our customers.  
This group is responsible for the delivery and management of reporting services to our customers.
Continually aligning and realigning reporting services to the changing business needs by identifying and implementing reporting improvements to IT services that support business processes.
Experience in SQL, Python or R
Comprehensive Employee Assistance Program including a dietician service and financial assistance service
Cloud deployment experience
Key Attributes & Requirements:
Experience & Skills
We have a unique opportunity for a talented professional to join Deloitte Consulting as a Growth & Initiatives Reporting Analyst in the National Operations team.
Leveraging enterprise wide information assets and system capabilities to design, map, develop and automate reporting.
Two Data Analysts required on a key program of work for an industry leader near the Melbourne CBD.
Initially a 4-5 month contract that is likely to extend.
Designing and implementing high-quality ETL pipelines across a range of technologies 
SQL knowledge preferred
Resilient | Positive | Inquisitive | Hungry | Adaptive | Passionate | Courageous | Decisive | Hands on
Excellent planning and organisational skills
📍 Great location in Teneriffe 
MLOps, DataOps & IoT Hub - advantageous
Communicate your recommendations and insights to drive decision making
Using excel to clean, prepare and analyse data for external customers
In-depth knowledge of Tabular modelling and DAX language used in PowerBI datasets
Languages• Scala• Python (not essential, but helpful)• Go (not essential, but
helpful)• Scripting, i.e. Bash
Experience with data governance, data quality management, metadata management, and master data management is preferred
A degree in statistics, computer science, decision science, mathematics, information management or other relevant technical field or equivalent work experience with SQL capability
Collaborate with Data Engineers and Data Architects on solution designs and participate in defining and implementing solutions for large scale analytics platforms
About the role: 
Develop a deep understanding of system functionality and design as well as target state outcomes to ensure that technical specifications are aligned, feasible, sustainable and scalable
Gender Diversity  
Previous experience as a Business/Systems Analyst or hands-on Project Manager is a big plus
This role ideally suits an early-mid career Data Scientist looking to make a strategic contribution in a dynamic start-up environment.
Maintain historical documents.
Visualization, data security and data governance - thought and technical leadership;
Career development opportunities
Our Technology Returner program is an opportunity for you to re-integrate yourself into the workforce following an extended professional career break.
Find out more and apply at https://www.macquarie.com/au/about/careers/jobs/returner-program. 
Assist with data migration of historical utility data from third party system utilities, TPI and energy platforms into the Bid platform.
Demonstrated experience in developing and supporting reporting technology eg.
CrystalReports, MS SQL Report Services, Business Analytics, Business Intelligence
If you feel this opportunity suits you, or Cognizant is the type of organization you would like to join, we want to have a conversation with you!
Please apply directly with us. 
For a complete list of open opportunities with Cognizant, visit http://www.cognizant.com/careers 
Have a desire to challenge the status quo through an innovative and inquisitive mind-set.
Permanent role
Discount on public transport
           Review   and analyse APRA SDT data such as fund member profiles, investment performance   and benchmarks, scale of the fund, financial metrics, fees and claims   experience to identify and communicate key insights and flag any concern.
Our mission is to inspire, support and empower the dental profession to advance oral health.
This requires us to support dentists throughout their entire careers. 
Supporting the development of the company brand through participation in communities, blogs, forums, or other public domains under the headline of data science, analytics, or related topics.
Customer Engagement - Marketing Campaigns, Campaign Analysis, Customer Insights
Grow and adapt as the business/landscapes evolve in the future
Create data flow and logical data model
Champion and innovate an automated, visualised and streamlined reporting mechanism
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and big data technologies.
Sustain a strong commercial understanding of the end-to-end insurance value chain, its performance framework, operating rhythm disciplines and underlying data structures.
As an Analyst in Hospital and Performance Analytics at Medibank, your key role is to support decision making in respect of Hospital Contracting.
You will work closely with business groups to identify key reporting metrics and KPIs, design reports and dashboards with documentation of business rules and testing.
Toowong - City fringe location
Ensuring data quality, extraction and cleansing are applied in the process to remove incomplete or duplicate data.
Previous experience working as a Data Engineer
Cabrini is an equal opportunity employer Cabrini is committed to providing a safe environment for children
Strong analytical skills with the ability to gather business requirements and develop solutions
Hands-on experience with the following technologies would help you hit the ground running:
Health and wellbeing programs, including employee assistance program, annual flu vaccination
         A warm, open and supportive culture
Proven leadership and operational management skills and experience including budget management, staff and resource management and maintenance of professional standards and accreditation within organisational funding and performance frameworks
Flexible working Environment
Evergen is the software heart beating inside a "virtual power plant" (VPP).
We optimise and orchestrate batteries and other technologies to collectively support the electricity grid, and in so doing we increase the uptake of renewable energy and create additional value for individual asset owners.
Integrating with the multitude of inverter, battery, solar and appliance technologies out there so that we can optimise and control these systems via the cloud is absolutely central to what we do at Evergen!
We are looking for a DevOps Engineer to be part of our data integration team responsible for the enterprise data platforms used by Rio Tinto scientists, data engineers and data analysts worldwide.
Indigenous and Torres Strait Islanders are strongly encouraged to apply.
Experience in API development for analytic/ML end points is desirable
Timely follow-up and escalation on platform exceptions with the development team.
Our focus on building a brighter future for Australia’s veterans is as strong as ever, and we’re doing it in amazing and innovative ways!
From evidence-based interventions that make a real difference to veterans’ quality of life, to a best-in-breed tech platform that supports and enables veterans through membership, service delivery, and our Sub Branch network.
You will be working with a manager who values and supports your personal growth, in a growing, dynamic and authentic organisation that promotes integrity and puts members first.
Other benefits include a competitive salary, genuine flexible working arrangements, discounted travel, income protection insurance and generous leave entitlements.
Ongoing training and mentorship on Azure and related stack technologies. 
Strong analytical, problem solving and reporting writing skills.
Fostering process and systems automation
Opportunity to join a start-up company and help shape the company from the ground up
Cognizant is committed to providing Equal Employment Opportunities.
Successful candidate will be required to undergo a background check.
Working with Prysmian Group means joining a Global family (and one with some great perks):
This role sits within our brand new New Ventures team.
The team is responsible for expanding and launching into exciting new industries and sectors.
We have two exciting roles on offer focusing on two high potential industries- white collar and horticulture. 
Join multiple datasets;
What we offer you:
Development, validation and transfer of test methods required for vaccine and vaccine product analysis.
Become part of a high calibre, social, supportive Account Management team
Good programming practices, ability to write readable, fast, object oriented code
Experience working independently and proactively and can demonstrate impeccable risk identification/mitigation and time management skills
Assisted a senior data scientist to scale a model using Kubernetes, Argo or kubeflow - so it is easier to move into production and scale.
Duration: Continuing appointment
A natural curiosity, a respect for differences, and a growth mindset are valued at Servian.
Relevant tertiary qualifications in technology or management field, or equivalent experience.
Efficient literature review /forums as source of knowledge including IP & scientific research search engine optimization
Technologies• AWS (EC2, Fargate, lambda, SQS, SNS, Athena, Sage Maker, Kinesis etc)• Docker•
Terraform/CloudFormation• Kafka• DataBricks
Career progression opportunities to suit your professional development goals
Conduct focus groups with customers to capture customer behavior insights
Propose new techniques and methods to enhance risk analysis and management
Modern ops tooling, including PagerDuty, StatusPage, Twilio etc.
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.
Excellent communication skills and a demonstrated ability to work with a wide range of stakeholders.
We sell HRTech Software
As A Service (SaaS) information products, alongside research and consulting projects, to schools and school systems.
We also partner with other leading vendors in the K/P-12 market to distribute our platform to individual schools via their eco-system solutions.
Time management & ability to work under pressure.
Work with other teams in scrums, ideation sessions, and a variety of other formats to make the value of Data realisable across different parts of the business.
Seek's 'This is Seek' performance half yearly reviews
The Trust Management team is a leading provider of specialist third-party trust management services, managing over $35bn in FUM across a wide variety of asset classes.
As Perpetual is the largest corporate trustee in Australia.
Interested?
Call or text Rachel on 0447 491 101 to find out more about this fantastic opportunity! 
Discounts and Promotions always available through our Foundation
IT Service Management, ICT services and end user support
You will bring to this role your experience with database design and management, scripting languages, and passion for data analysis and visualisation.
A true team-player, you will enjoy working and collaborating with internal and external stakeholders in this position, utilising your communication, organisational, and project management strengths to enhance your success.
Using marketing analytics techniques to gather social media, web analytics, and rankings data
Optimise data management, quality and governance best practices across engineering and data engineering team.
Advanced working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint 
Gym subsidies
Significant experience working as a Senior Data Scientist in a large, complex environment
Asplundh is a leading international vegetation management company working in the public and private sectors.  
We are committed to providing a safe and stable workplace with opportunity for self-advancement for the right candidates.
Data Handling – Capture and process to gain insights
Extensive experience in different programming or scripting languages - Python and Java
Above all else, you will have a friendly, positive attitude with high levels of emotional intelligence and maturity.
Proven exposure and understanding of relational databases (SQL)
ITIL v3 Foundation certification (preferred)
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment.
Assist activities to create and conduct training of new BI Reporting & SharePoint functionality
Please address all applications to Human Resources. 
Applications close on 13 December 2021.
Fantastic Employee Benefits
: We offer a huge range of benefits such as flexible work hours, time in lieu system, shared parking on a rostered basis,  influenza vaccinations and subsidised annual skin checks. 
Our Benefits
Competitive salary package
Does this sound like you?
Please click the Apply button below.
For a confidential discussion about the position, please contact Colette Chase on 0423 782 615 or email cchase@idexcorp.com.
Your skills:
Experience in Financial Services, a FinTech, or the Insurance industry.
We are in need of an experienced Senior Data Analyst in the Operational Reporting and Insights team within Corrections, Research, Evaluation and Research (CRES) unit of Corrective Services NSW.
Please direct enquiries to JJ Jung at jungj@ramsayhealth.com.au
Learning on demand
Some organisations say it, but RSL Queensland really means it - you will truly be working amongst committed, passionate and talented professionals.
Every day, you will push the envelope as we work together towards our goal of delivering a bright future and enduring legacy for all veterans and their families.
People and Safety Strategy.
Conduct validation experiments following FDA & EMA guidelines for Bioanalytical Method Validation
Identify trends and insights to assist with improving customer engagement, product and service innovation and drive growth 
Ideally you’ll have an IT-related degree (preferably Computer Science or Information Systems), but it’ll be your history of hands-on data modelling, report and/or data pipeline development, that’ll help you from day one.
Financial services domain expertise - highly desirable;
THE ROLE
🏡 Flexible work policy - 2 days working from home
Excellent written, verbal and presentation skills.
Comfort with working in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment
  Skills
We’re here for all Australians.
And although our life-giving role started more than 90 years ago with blood, today we support more people in more ways than ever before.
Lifeblood facilitates the donation of tissue, organs, breast milk, bone marrow and microbiota.
It’s an impressive task that requires experts and professionals from nearly every field imaginable.
We are seeking an experienced Analyst to support and drive our FreeChoice strategy across our retail channel
Flexible working arrangements (Sydney CBD) including BizBalance arrangement (2 days in office, 3 days at home) or remote opportunity.
We encourage Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander candidates to apply.
3+ years’ experience in SQL Server Analysis Services incorporating multiple years hands-on experience in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) with the ability to write complex SQL.
Applicants are encouraged to apply online, submitting a cover letter and a current resume.
Ability to build and maintain strong working relationships with key stakeholders
This is a great opportunity to join a leading and influential NFP organisation that encourages professional development and a supportive team environment.
Good interpersonal skills, including tact and diplomacy.
Availability
Interact with the traders
We are the creators of the global digital health and fitness sensations, Centr by Chris Hemsworth and Emily Skye FIT.
Our holistic approach to enhancing wellbeing has changed the lives of tens of thousands of people around the world, and our products continue to grow with the potential to reach millions more users globally. 
Highly developed written and oral communication skills
Strong analytical skills and high attention to detail
Permanent Senior Economist
Cognizant is committed to providing Equal Employment Opportunities.
Successful candidates will be required to undergo a background check.
Business outcomes focus with effective time and self-management while working autonomously.
Collaborative & Reproducible Practices
Demonstrable T-SQL development experience using Microsoft SQL Server.
Tertiary qualifications, preferably in actuarial studies, economics, finance or related industry
We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space. 
You’ll be working with complex data sets, and working to optimise data storage, automating processes and provide an environment for accurate and efficient queries.
Comfortable in working with high volumes of data and strong attention to detail.
 You will come with a very cooperative, gregarious, positive and mature attitude.
You thrive on complexity, where opportunities to learn and teach show up every day.
Our Place
Developing streamlined methods for exporting data to genomic data sharing platforms, including the European Genome-Phenome Archive (EGA)
They are flexible and agile – as long as you get the job done, you will get some flexibility
An entrepreneurial spirit - no problems with getting your hands dirty
Independently assess and document current business standard and ad-hoc complex reporting and data analysis requirements including calculations.
If this is the perfect fit for you, please reach out – we’d love to hear from you!
BS in Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics or similar
Savvy minded and have the ability to think a little left of field / outside the box
Work alongside a friendly and passionate team on cutting edge technology!
- We know that our success and growth is a result of our motivated and inspiring teams.
Based in Melbourne, the Sales Operations Analyst will be a key player in our fantastic newly created team.
You’ll be responsible for using data and systems to help us win.
This is a unique opportunity to join a high-performing, fast-paced and fun team as we grow and scale into exciting new industries and territories. 
Significant experience in a life insurance actuarial team
Experience applying data science to solve complex problems
You'll be working in an award-winning work culture with technical and business stakeholders including management, Data Engineers, Data Analysts/Modellers and SMEs
Undertake analysis of data to support marketing and CRM activities across direct channels including email and web
At Tabcorp we manage iconic Australian brands which ignite passion and excitement in millions of Australians.
Our purpose is "Excitement with Integrity", and we pride ourselves on creating awesome, life-changing moments.
Assessing and monitoring the trends and impacts of changes to Telehealth delivery.
Build prescriptive analytics models to calculate expected business outcomes that support decision recommendations or decision automation and optimise business effectiveness
Leading teams and stakeholder management is a big part of the role
Good Salary perks
Advanced exposure to Big Data platforms and processing tools such as Hadoop or Spark.
A variety of leave options, including four weeks annual leave;
Ability to apply your technical problem solving to real world problems and be able prioritise the business case over a perfect solution
Engineering qualifications specializing in decision theory, operations research, and/or data engineering.
Your background
At QBE, we’re driven by our purpose – to give people the confidence to achieve their ambitions.
Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to develop effective inter-departmental and organisational relationships.
Understands data integration (ETL) methods and tools (SSIS preferred) 
Exposure to Data Factory and Databricks
Starting from a humble vision in  Brisbane, Australia, with deep connections to Australia's globally recognised CSIRO, Emesent has made an emerging name for itself across the Globe and is successfully becoming a world leader in this unique industry of autonomous technology!
Do something that moves you.
Minimum 2+ years in a similar Senior level role 
Bachelor of Science or Chemistry or related discipline coupled with strong experience in HPLC/GC/ICPMS testing in a Laboratory
Find out more about Sidekicker by visiting: https://sidekicker.com 
About Yarra Valley Water
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply for this vacancy
BARD1 is an Australian-based fast-growing diagnostic company that is seeking an experienced and commercially oriented senior scientist to join its Minnesota-based R&D team.
Candidates with a background in biochemistry, protein science and conjugation chemistries are encouraged to apply.
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Management of missing meter data and meter data gaps including follow-up with retailers and clients.
Research, design and build pragmatic, scalable, and statistically rigorous solutions to internet-scale web, mobile and data infrastructure problems by leveraging or developing state-of-the-art statistical and machine
learning methodologies on top of agile and dynamic infrastructure
Microsoft Azure Cloud
provide detailed, specialist technical advice to the senior executive where appropriate
Experience with ESRI products ArcGIS Pro and Desktop;
Very organised, structured and process driven
We have a unique culture and an irreverent DNA based on a proven mix of ideas, values, and ways of working that have helped shape our business over the past 40+ years.
As an Analyst – Data Engineering you’ll be joining ateam of ten.  
You’ll be helping the organisation make better decisions by working with the team to design and build enterprise-grade data products.
These products will transform data into information and insights, using a variety of modern cloud analytics tools and platforms.
We are driven to change the world, helping our clients use the considerable amount of data at their disposal to help them understand their business better. 
This role will also see you providing data insights and analysis with key internal stakeholders across Marketing, Treasury, Risk and Operations.
This is a fantastic opportunity to join a progressive, creative, and intelligent team that is growing rapidly and central to NOW Finance’s success.
 Applications will not be accepted via email, please apply via the link.
When you finish the contract, the world is your oyster.
You can stay on as a consultant and work on some fascinating projects or step out into the big wide world of data that has been opened up to you
Technical Asset Ownership, Performance, and Security Management
Experience querying with Big Data tools like Hive, Impala
If you are a Power BI specialist and are interested in joining an organization who is committed to excellence and success for their clients and people, where you can play a key role in a supportive team, enjoy modern facilities and tech, and be challenged and rewarded, then we would love to hear from you!
Your responsibility as Data Engineer Lead will be to lead the design and implementation of the management, monitoring, security, and privacy of data using the full stack of 
Microsoft Azure data services to execute our business strategy. 
Be a passionate problem solver – breaking down problems and developing analytical insights 
However you identify, and whatever your background may be, please apply if this is a role that would make you excited to come into work every day!
Click on ‘Apply Online’ to commence your application.
Fugro are looking for a Data Analyst to join our Central Data Operations team.  
Our team are focused solely on ensuring the effective and efficient delivery of the ROAMES suite of products to users, who utilise these tools to accurately to manage their infrastructure in a prompt and cost-effective manner. 
Oracle PL/SQL Development/Design with:Oracle Forms and ReportsOracle BI Publisher experience - advantage Web development experience (Javascript, HTML, CSS, XML, Rest API) -advantageLinux
scripting - desirableSystem integrations
- advantage
About us - Trusted since 1888
- Working with real world data
Research, implement, test, deploy and monitor proprietary systems trading across multiple markets and financial products.
We work at all levels of the problem domain from market data handlers through trade monitoring.
We look after each other and foster our people's wellbeing.
Prioritise reports in accordance with operational requirements.
Diversity and Inclusion - we believe diversity of thought fuels excellence and innovation, which is why we positively encourage applications from suitably qualified candidates regardless of their gender identity, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, ability, intersex status or age.  
To support our commitment to diversity and inclusion, we celebrate or recognise special events and days of significance that are important to our employees such as Diwali, Bastille Day, Pride, IDAHOBIT, IWD and International day of people with Disabilities.  
Our Employee Resource Groups Women@Capgemini, OutFront, Indigenous, Parents and Carers and Sustainability Community of Practice support the grassroots passion of employees to drive our diversity agenda and effect change.
Training and coaching teams to develop BI/CI knowledge and skills in the organisation
Genuine work-life balance with attractive leave options and work flexibility
You will be working closely with our Commercial Strategy team supporting Partners with important analysis and information, and opportunities to be part of impactful change activities.
For the purpose of this role you will use Excel and other data visualisation tools to analyse data, prepare & automate reports and develop new processes to add value to the decision-making process.
Responsibilities will include:
The ability to work collaboratively within a team that embraces change
 Key accountabilities
High level of personal integrity as well as the ability to professionally handle confidential matters
We do things differently and we’re proud of it.
So forget about the application process you might be used to.
Expert understanding of data modelling techniques, tools/language - R, Python, Scala, SAS, etc.
In your current or previous job, what two motivations drive you to deliver the best outcomes?
Utilise our secure bike storage and shower facilities offered on-site.
Strong business acumen, ability to think strategically and build effective partnerships
Role Responsibilities:
Expertise in SQL, DAX & M-Query and proficiency in at least one data programming language
Be equipped with state of the art onboarding, training, tools, resources and loads of support to help you succeed and grow!
This opportunity is a full time, 10 month fixed contract. 
At TasNetworks
we want to power a bright future for our people, our community and our customers.
We offer a supportive work environment where safety is at the heart of everything we do.
We offer our team excellent benefits including flexible work arrangements, paid volunteer days, discounted health insurance, free onsite parking, onsite gyms (or gym rebate if unavailable) and professional development opportunities. 
Experience working within a high growth B2B technology scaleup company
All applicants must have working rights in Australia at the time of application and will be required to provide documented evidence if selected for interview.  
Join Sonder’s innovative movement and feel empowered everyday knowing you are contributing to making the world a safer place. 
Experience working with Azure Data Factory and Databricks - 50%
Social events (Strategy forums, Annual Awards, and Christmas parties)
Your New Employer
Extensive experience in KPIs, metrics and performance analysis, reporting and planning;
 
Aligning systems to Datagamz’s overall technology strategy
Deliver our next-generation Analytics Platform for Group Treasury
Roster: FIFO Perth 4/3 (Mon-Thu)
Core medium term goals of the role will be to complete the build out of this environment by adding and refining data feeds, transforming the data into models and more, and ensuring that these are high-availability and high-reliability for use within the business.
Expected technical skills are very strong SQL and a good understanding of "big-data" databases & engineering in Java / Python with a mindset of testable accuracy, observable performance, and good design. 
Actively seek opportunities to advance goals of the Division and Organisation while building strong working internal and external relationships that drive outcomes and identify any emerging issues or risks.
Need to be able to work as part of a team
A well-established IT consultancy is seeking a Solutions / Data Specialist experienced in Big Data and advanced analytics solutions for a permanent role within their team.
Advanced experience with Tableau or similar reporting software.
Technology minded and able to quickly learn
To find out more about us visit our website at www.urbis.com.au/careers.
We are strengthening our AI team with experts in the field.
People who truly understand what it means to use deep learning, neuro-linguistic programming (NLP)
computer vision, and robotics to help us improve various business outcomes and drive innovation.
You will join a multidisciplinary team helping to shape our AI strategy and showcasing the potential for AI through early-stage solutions. 
Technical proficiency in analytics and data science platforms and tools in a commercial environment (not just during study)
share best practice across our client base and industry.
Looking at data modelling ensuring best practice
i. Azure Databricks
Deriving actionable business or financial insights and recommendations and communicating these in a clear and concise manner to internal partners
People leadership, coaching and career development of the teams engineers and BA/IM
Flexible working arrangement (Sydney CBD office) or remote working opportunity anywhere around Aus! 
Used Git as part of your role and are familiar with rebase and pull requests.
Experience building end-to-end data pipelines using on-premise or cloud-based data platforms
Working knowledge of collaboration tools such as Jira and Confluence
NOW Finance is looking for a Data Scientist who is passionate about machine learning and has demonstrated experience in implementing practical solutions to drive business change.
Sunday 12 December 2021, 11:55 pm AEDT
Personal Skills
Designing, developing and implementing data collection, transformation, and data integration solutions, machine learning algorithms and scripts to create, coordinate and deploy information and analytics solutions, pipelines, and data storage
Our Insights and Data team helps our clients make better business decisions by transforming an ocean of data into streams of insight.
Our clients are among Australia's top performing companies and they choose to partner with Capgemini for a very good reason - our exceptional people.
Due to continued growth within Capgemini's Insights & Data practice we intend to recruit a AWS Data Engineer with relevant consulting and communication skills.
If you are already working in a consultancy role, or have excellent client-facing skills gained within large organizations, we would like to discuss our consultant opportunities with you.
This role could be located in Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Brisbane or Perth

Create BI tools including designing and building efficient and scalable data models from multidimensional and relational databases, apply data mining algorithms and create and designing tables.   

Practical experience with ETL tools such as IBM Datastage
Widening the West Gate Freeway from eight lanes to 12 between the M80 Ring Road and Williamstown Road;
It represents Australia's national interests in agriculture, and nature.
Experience of Oracle/legacy transformations - Desirable
A culture that fosters achievement 
About the company  Our client is one of Australia's fastest growing pharmaceutical companies; one that develops and in-licences market leading products to treat and prevent serious human medical conditions.   
About the opportunity  Due to company growth, our client is seeking to appoint a dynamic, self-motivated, well-accomplished Data Engineer and Analytics professional.  
With a regional focus to support the company's AsiaPac commercial team, in this role, you will be a key influencer in data management and governance, through the review and analysis of business processes and creation of efficiencies.  
Your ability to deliver data integrity and market insights to assist in commercial decision making will be crucial, as is your ability to solve technical problems to deliver data output and effective business reporting.  
You will be comfortable in managing BI tools, data warehousing and promotional material warehouse, as well as developing new reports / dashboards to meet the business needs, along with providing commercial insights based on analytic output.   
Skills & Experience:
Advanced skills in: Google Analytics, Data Studio, Excel, Better Reports or similar programs
What you will need 
About the Optimisation Team
Developing and maintaining working relationships with stakeholders to facilitate data collection, review, analysis and reporting.
Role: Data Analyst - Operations Planning
An aptitude and desire for self-learning and helping others to develop as well
embedding optimised business processes
You enjoy building your knowledge and enhancing your skills as rapidly as the technologies evolve.
Seeking a motivated Data Analyst for an exciting role within the Solomon Operations Planning team.
As a not-for-profit organisation led by dentists for dentists, our remit is to deliver value to members.
Experience in report writing
Soft skills are incredibly important in this role as it will be highly collaborative with the engineering team and data scientists/analysts around the business.
Expect to be a part of team planning and estimation as well as peer programing sessions.
It will be necessary to learn the business needs in order to succeed in the role and so a genuine interest in using data to achieve business goals is required.
Expect to collect requirements, propose solutions, and work through post-launch with project leads.
Compile an inventory of Data Quality reports
ABOUT SONDER
SQL and Data Literacy
The University of Wollongong is committed to workplace equity, diversity and inclusion.  
We value and acknowledge the importance of our people’s diverse experiences, talents and cultures that they bring to work with them each day.
Embracing diversity and creating inclusion is a key component of attracting and retaining talent in our workforce.
The creation of a diverse and inclusive workforce is central to our ability to unlock potential, enhance our success and achieving our vision of being in the Top 1% of universities globally.
Operate autonomously be able to effectively communicate with internal and external stakeholders
Take end to end ownership of small to medium size projects, manage project timeline and communicate progress to key stakeholders.
At MCRI we share a powerful vision; to re-imagine the future of child health.
We are the home to many life-changing scientific discoveries.
We believe that no question is too impossible to try and answer.
We are renowned for our cutting edge focus on early interventions, improved diagnosis, prevention and development of potential cures.
Our success is founded on a philosophy of collaboration through a multi-disciplinary approach to solving the toughest questions in child health.
MCRI is a proud member of the Australian Network on Disability.
We are committed to creating a positive working environment which values all backgrounds and experiences. 
We strive to foster an inclusive culture that is underpinned by equal opportunity for all and a culture based on respect, consideration and dignity.
Don’t take our word for it, check what our employees are saying!
In their penultimate year of undergraduate degree with elements of data science units
Experience managing or leading team would be advantageous but is not essential
4+ years of professional experience working within a data-focused position.
Strong view to a contract extension for Azure contractors. 
Ingesting, transforming and integrating complex, large and disparate data sets, in a batch or streaming context
This role will be accountable for:
ManpowerGroup and the Australian Defence Force (ADF) work in partnership to recruit Defence personnel for the Navy, Army and Air Force.
This Recruitment Process Outsourcing model is one of the largest of its kind globally.
This collaboration, known as Defence Force Recruiting (DFR), utilises the skills and knowledge of Defence Force personnel and ManpowerGroup employees to achieve capability for the ADF.
Committed health & wellbeing plan
Supporting and mentoring staff, including coaching and training to build financial knowledge and capability.
Working knowledge of automated deployment / DevOps tools and technologies and source control management tools such as Git.
Actively undertaking personal development to ensure up-to-date skills and knowledge
Proficiency in one or more analytics and visualisation tools (PowerBI, Tableau etc.)
A range of health and wellness benefits
Data Analytics, Data Extraction & Reporting - Collaborating with stakeholders to develop and maintain high quality and consistent reports for genU
Cell line maintenance experience desirable
Tertiary qualification in mathematics/statistics/psychology or other relevant discipline (desirable)
Experience in Data Management within an engineering or project management environment preferable
Experience in Assay and Methods development.
Familiarity with cloud platforms, such as AWS, GCP or Azure
Experience building data warehouses and data lakes
Performance tuning of Hadoop clusters and Hadoop MapReduce routines.
Provide support and empower user to promote self-server analytics
Develop business intelligence and analysis to report and measure business performance
Interested in joining Australia’s largest public pathology service?
Apply now by addressing the following questions:
Working in partnership with  
the  senior  leadership team (SLT)
Suggesting new and better ways to analyse marketing performance
Salary Range:>$100,000
Create and produce reports and dashboards using Tableau to measure and report on AIA FS business performance, identify trends, including insightful commentary as required
Advanced SQL skills and well-practiced in building efficient queries on large date volumes.
Liaising with internal and external stakeholders (Clients, Product Owners, Developers and Quality Analysts) documenting and diagramming business requirements and processes to assist with understanding functional requirements;
Previous experience in marketing and/or performance insights in Financial Services or related industry
Flexible work options to support your emotional and mental well-being in the role!
Create and maintain insight-led reporting that drives marketplace outcomes across all teams, including creation of Scorecards to track goal outcomes
enabling high performance by our people through a supportive culture, professional development and collaboration
Moving data from legacy to cloud databases.
Deliver insights and capability through understanding what data is required to validate business problems, creating a collection plan and implementing it.
Oversee delivery of all phases linking to Strategy & Architecture of the Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence / Analytics solutions
flexible working hours/arrangements to assist you to maintain your work-life balance (please note: due to our unique working environment, work from home options are generally not available);
Additional 5 days personal Leave + Opportunity to purchase extra annual leave
Experience building data pipelines and applications in a production environment.
 #LI-PV1
Work within the standards of quality, time and budget expected in a challenging, fast-paced agile driven work environment
This a long-term secure contract to June 2024.
You will have the ability to work from home when you are up to speed.
Join this small, high performing & fun-loving team.
You will be working on an interesting and highly topical subject matter.
You will see first-hand the positive impact of the data you are working on to Australia's commitment to the global transition to net zero emissions.
Your work will directly have a big impact on health outcomes for lots of Australians.
The medical and healthcare system is very diverse and often inefficient.
You will be helping innovate with data to improve this for all parties.
Data-driven minds 
- you love the idea of immersing yourself in data to drive meaningful insights and create jaw-dropping outcomes
And much, much more!
It would be great if you could bring to the role:
Read more here: http://www.tac.vic.gov.au/about-the-tac/careers/our-employment-benefits
Responding to insights gained after a price change in an efficient and effective manner
LANDMARKS ID endeavours to communicate to all applicants within two (2) Working Days. 
Set-up and maintain business intelligence
Modern monitoring tooling, including Prometheus, ELK, Splunk and cloud-native offerings such as StackDriver and Azure Monitor.
Remuneration: $90,774 - $99,561 pa HEW Level 07 (plus 17% employer superannuation)
Select, acquire and integrate data for analysis, manage the quality assurance of procured data and support data integrity and normalisation initiatives.
Position Enquiries:  Anthony Peera via email;
A.Perera@latrobe.edu.au
Build consensus around solutions where possible and giving direction when needed
Monitoring and analysing hospital performance in terms of benefit outlays, service delivery and providing targeted recommendations, commentary and insights.
Experience in processing satellite Earth Observation data is desirable, but not essential
The Business Intelligence Analyst will be responsible for supporting the delivery of a portfolio of business intelligence projects, working closely with both the business stakeholders and other business solutions team members.

Web Development and Django Application Development
Developing and maintaining strong relationships with suppliers, regional and global IBP partners to ensure great service is received from our upstream Supply Chain partners
About you 
Work within the algorithms team to deliver production ready software and support integration into the larger software suite.
Reporting into the centralised Data Insights Service, within the Customer & Data Enablement Practice.  
Specialising in the application of deep statistical analytics to solve complex business problems.
Working across the three pillars of analysis (Descriptive, Predictive, Prescriptive).
Design, code, test, debug and document Azure data factory intake and raw, curated zone factoring.
Experience with migration of on-prem services into Azure cloud platforms.
This includes procedure coding to Azure SQL, testing and verification, using PowerShell, Ansible and Azure CLI.
Experience working to deadlines and managing multiple projects
This is a great opportunity for a talented and motivated Data Scientist to join our analytics team in Brisbane and help Emesent become the world leader in autonomous data collection and analytics for industrial applications.
You will be responsible for carrying out R&D and engineering tasks to deliver advanced 3D analytics software that facilitates and automates the bulk analysis of geospatial data and turns it into actionable insights for the customer.
Solid background in Linux & Unix, and exposure to Datastage, Autosys would be desirable.
Discounted superannuation membership fees thanks to our partnership with REST
Permanent role based in our Collingwood head office in Melbourne CBD
Ability to work independently and in a team environment;.
Experience in designing and running stability studies according to ICH guidelines.
A master or bachelor's degree majoring in a discipline such as Commerce, Marketing, Engineering, Software Engineering, Information Systems or Information Technology
To be successful
High standards of reporting, innovation, strategic thinking, and flexibility.
Since 2008 the Social Work has been offering a qualifying Master of Social Work Degree as well as several specialist Masters post-qualifying courses.
In 2016, in a new development for the Department, it began offering online post-qualifying courses.  
Social Work also has a long standing, strong and vibrant PhD program focused on training future leaders in the profession and academia.  
As noted earlier, the major research themes within Social Work are child and family welfare (particularly domestic and family violence prevention), health, mental health and disability, and criminal justice.
In addition to a competitive salary, you will have immediate access to salary packaging, the Meal & Accommodation Card and our EAP.
Applications will close at midnight on 31 December 2021.
Preparing draft client reports and publications
The Company
We are currently seeking a dedicated and enthusiastic Data Analyst to join our team.
This role will allow you to build and enhance your skills through facilitating business changes through methodical investigations, analysis, review, and documentation of business requirements and specifications.
Your role will require you to act as the translation layer from the business concept through to implementation and will also allow you to demonstrate your strong stakeholder management skills by influencing key stakeholders to provide alignment to strategic goals.
Experience in Asset Management, ideally for Rolling Stock
Contribute to development and provision of analytical services including:regular management reporting with continuous improvement focusdata driven insights and recommendationsperformance measurement and program evaluation
Design & develop visual analytics to support stakeholder decisions
You’ll have the opportunity to work with the latest tech.
Cutting-edge is an overused word in technology, but we’ve put some serious investment into bringing in the latest cloud technologies for Big data, IOT, Data Science and Machine Learning.
These are today’s tools you’ll be using.
Evaluate business process requirements gathered from multiple sources, decompose high-level requirements into detailed use; cases/requirements and distinguish user requests from the underlying true business needs
Guerdon Associates is Australia's largest independent executive remuneration and board governance consulting firm.
The firm has experienced considerable success as advisers to the boards of the larger ASX listed companies.
Innovative advice, teamwork and a commitment to high service standards have contributed to our success.
We are a founding partner firm in the global GECN Group headquartered in Zurich.
Highly self-motivated
Asana and notion for project management.
Experience with deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch, Theano, etc
Tech Stack:
Our workforce of over 9,000 employees are driven by our values of ‘Compassion, Accountability, Respect, Excellence and Safety’ (CARES).
We value our people and provide them the opportunity to grow and develop.  
Our teams are friendly and supportive, ensuring we deliver a safe, person-centred and connected patient experience.
Strong focus on customer service and alignment with our core values – Respect, Integrity, Trust and Empathy.
Sound problem solving and critical thinking skills.
www.cleanaway.com.au
A pitch, up to 800 words (no more than two pages), outlining your technical experience using examples to demonstrate what skills/experience you will bring to ASIO; and
Applied knowledge of implementation and overall solution design of how Power BI & Azure Analysis services fit into Azure Architecture;
Experience building containerised data solutions using docker and kube for integrations and APIs.
Team player who can work independently to source data from various feeds, while working with various groups from around the organisation to build a simple view of operational insights.
Deep understanding of cloud computing technologies (GCP preferred)
Candidates will need to be prepared to undertake a pre-employment medical, relevant background & criminal checks. 
The ability to work under pressure and manage workload effectively
National Winner - Telstra Business Award 2019
- Emerging & Energised
Our community is a place to thrive in if you enjoy working in a changing environment and thinking of creative solutions.
Datagamz product helps contact center employees engage with work through its Data driven insights and Gamification.
The team is responsible for deriving product sprints and projects at the same time .  
Learn how to work with an Agile Development team to deliver solutions
Design lab prototyping, pilot trials, product testing matrix, lead formulation developments in collaboration with teams
Job Description
You will often work on end-to-end projects, not just specialising in the same type of data engineering task.
Present report insights back to clients at a senior executive level
Experience in engineering continuous improvement methodologies for cross-functional big data processes.
Drive to hit financial targets
Tertiary qualification in Finance, Accounting, Commerce or related field.
ASIO thanks all applicants for their interest in applying.
In accordance with ASIO policy, unsuccessful candidates will be notified but will not be provided with feedback on any aspect of the selection process.
Must have an interest in providing analytics solutions including big data platforms, techniques, and algorithms for data mining and machine learning.
Collaborate with software partners and database administrators to analyse data requirements and complex source data and data models;
Successful applications will demonstrate:
Applicants will need to reside within a commutable distance of the Chandala plant, in order to meet the fatigue management requirements of the site.
Liaise with relevant project stakeholders to source and update relevant SPI data required for meeting and reporting against SPI contractual requirements
Tertiary qualifications in business systems, IT or in a related discipline; or equivalent relevant experience
You are capable of designing technical solutions end to end.
Our client is a NSW government based organisation who is looking for a Business Analyst to build a business case that supports the conversion of user/ business processes that would lead to business improvements.  
Responsibilities
Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills and ability to think creatively;
Provide architecture insight and pre-sales expertise to support sales teams to position and solution work.
Permanent Position
Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to engage effectively across all levels of the organisation
Running cross-functional projects and rallying stakeholders (such as local IT and business departments, international counterparts) around common business goals
Euro Garages Australia (formerly Woolworths Caltex) operates a national network of Fuel and Food Service operations for EG Group - a custodian and ambassador for leading global brands in fuel, convenience and food-to-go.
We are the Australian division of a creative and innovative global retail operation servicing over 6,500 forecourts in 9 countries across Europe, North America and Australia.
Applicants must be Australia Citizens and currently residing in the country to be considered for this role.
Working with product owners and business analysts to deliver features
Develop data engineering patterns, frameworks and follow best practices for developing metadata-driven data engineering processes for both data pipelines and data warehouse ETL processes
Experience working with big data and engineering solutions within a variety of constraints 
Mentor and advise team members on how to solve analytical, data and technical challenges
About PeopleBench
manage the release and ensure go-live production support and maintenance for the team’s developments
Metering / Digital Metering - Desirable
         Highly organised & strong attention to detail to achieve deadlines with competing priorities;
A passion to explore novel business questions and play a key role in a frank and lively dialogue with senior stakeholders to ask the better question and enable data driven insights
A solid understanding of Project Portfolio Management (PPM), as well as frameworks to measure efficiency and optimize the pipeline – such as OKRs, etc.
Develop technical tools/products to support reporting requirements
To be successful in this role, you must be an Australian Citizen as well as be able to obtain a security clearance.
Excellent written and verbal skills with a high-level ability to articulate and present complex concepts clearly and concisely
Your role... 
Demonstrated extensive experience in developing extract-transform-load (ETL) processes using Microsoft tools including SSIS and T-SQL.
Experience or aptitude for interpreting and analysing data sets.
Statistics expereince would be advantagous
Experience working with AWS cloud-based platform or similar.
Take up our genuine learning and development opportunities.
Experience in working on relational databases like Teradata and Cloud DWs.
As a SPI Reporting Analyst on this high-profile infrastructure project, you will be accountable for:
Knowledge of Paid Ads on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, TikTok and Snapchat is a bonus.
Proven ability in handling concurrent projects with attention to detail and accuracy.
As there are multiple data sets available, there are multiple positions available.
The successful applicants will have experience working with at least one of these national data sets in either SPSS or STATA.
Most analysis will be descriptive, but some statistical knowledge would be an advantage.  
The duties will include data checking, analysis and interpretation of data as well as translating the data into stakeholder reports by producing tables and figures.
Experience with data visualisation would be an advantage.
Collaborating with system owners, data providers, analysts, managers, and various other stakeholders to data projects.
Candidates who meet the above criteria, please apply online today to be considered for this opportunity.
Join one of Australia's most advanced big data operations teams!
YVW offers a range of flexible options, including reduced and/or condensed hours, and is happy to discuss any options.
They may be a water utility, but at heart, they're a people business.
Committed to becoming a hybrid workforce they believe it is a better way forward for all employees and the business, and therefore the customers they serve.
As defined by their hybrid working principles, people are given the trust and accountability to design their day to optimise performance and well-being.
Full time temporary  
Take ownership of the technical direction, working with architects on end-to-end design, tooling and patterns.
Sitting with the Operations team and reporting to the Head of Services, as the Data Analyst you will maintain, transform and report on utility (network) tariff data to deliver cost avoidance reporting for our clients.
Have strong knowledge and hands-on few of HDFS, Map reduce Hive, Impala, Tej, Sqoop, Pig, Oozie, HBase, Cassandra, Mongo DB, Kafka, Spark, Storm, Knox, Ranger, Flume, NiFi, Falcon, Kerberos, Sentry, Cloudera Manager, Cloudera Navigator and Ambari.
Automation
Benefits to you:
Employ a variety of languages and tools (e.g. SQL, Python, R) to marry systems together
Large National Company
Support the Implementation Teams in setup and implementation of data for new clients
Have a chat to us about how our support of workplace flexibility can work for you. 
Your experience in processing patient samples will provide the research material that is used in studies performed in our laboratory and those of our collaborators
Our Talent Acquisition Team and Hiring Leaders kindly request no unsolicited resumes or approaches from Recruitment Agencies.
Woolworths Group is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS
Macquarie Park
We’d love to hear from you if you have:
You will have deep industry experience across banking, Fintech, or highly regulated markets.
Advanced SQL skills
Experience within a management consulting firm, in-house corporate strategy team or other relevant work experience is highly desirable
You will be part of a fast-growing HR tech company where the opportunities are endless
Building analytical application designs and prototyping to test ideas and drive innovation in an agile fashion
Employment Type:
Full-time
Providing reporting and analysis – be able to communicate these finding to various stakeholders 
         Actuarial Qualifications well regarded.
**
We offer flexible working arrangements, including working from home, however we are not able to offer fully remote working in this role
**
Confident working with a range of cloud services on AWS and/or Azure.
You will display a mature-mind and strong sense of confidence to challenge established norms in a constructive way and drive change by producing data and presenting findings in a meaningful manner using your strong communication and analytical skills.
Coordinate and deliver on our giftcard strategy and partnerships
Passionate and energised about blending data programming languages (R, Python) with business partnering
         Great central Melbourne CBD location, new office fit out and end of trip facilities.
Australian Clinical Labs has newly become a publicly listed organisation with strong growth aspirations, this is a place for someone who wants to help us in transitioning to a market leader.  
We are currently seeking a part time Laboratory Assistant for our Moreland Laboratory, VIC. 
Identify key parameters, assumptions and considerations that impact a development and its business case
A career with us
Excellent support provided by a dynamic and collaborative team environment.
Our company values inform our thoughts, words, and actions: 
Experience leading agile delivery teams
A recognised bachelor's degree in statistics, business analytics, data science or a cognate discipline
Assemble large and complex data sets that me(et functional / non-functional business requirements using SQL databases and AWS big data technologies
What does a normal day in the life of a Senior Data Engineer at Catch look like?
This role involves you working as part of our Customer Success team.
The role has a high customer focus, best supported by strong communication and problem-solving skills.
It presents excellent career opportunities in a close-knit team for high achieving candidates.
Hiring new team members and maintaining performance reports
Take primary responsibility for designated projects, analyses and associated reporting of outcomes
Learn with us as our core technologies dynamically adapt based on market innovations.
Consistently be exposed to the latest technologies in cloud native and highly technical environments (we will support your Microsoft & Hashicorp certifications!)
You will have strong ETL / ELT experience, but importantly, you can understand what the data is actually being used for and identify ways to automate processes
report to the Research Engineer Group Lead
Certificate III in Pathology Collections and/or previous experience in venepuncture or a demonstrated ability to learn all aspects of the clinical environment relevant to the Department
Coding and re-coding data contained within various databases to identify patterns.
Experience working in a CI/CD data environment with tools or processes such as Azure DevOps, Terraform, Powershell, Github, YAML, Jenkins, ETL, Power BI (Dashboards), Scorecards & Reporting
You should be an active learner, passionate about data and new technology and happy to test new innovative tech as well as be comfortable recommending new and better ways to do things to the team
Exposure to data science or natural language processing models is a big plus.
Screen Hadoop cluster job performances and capacity planning.
Prepare media, process semen samples and product intermediates, preform freeze procedures and report any deviations to the line manager
Passion for automation 
 Coles Supermarkets  
Hawthorn East Requisition ID: 38117 
Synergy reserves the right to commence the shortlisting process at its discretion.
Direct applicants only - we will not be accepting agency-referred applications.
Be an Australian citizen.
Supporting the operational activities of People Data and Analytics
Ascender Pay experience will be great but don’t worry as we are very happy to train you
Excellent Understanding of Modern Data Warehouse/Lambda Architecture, Data warehousing concepts;
We look forward to welcoming you!
At Loup, we're passionate about fitness and helping our members achieve their fitness goals.
The data team at Loup plays a huge part in that, powering the way we use data to enhance our products and our customers' experience.
Lead the Data Engineering team
tertiary education in a computational area of study, for example computer science, computational statistics, engineering, physics, or biology
a positive energy and self-drive to learn and make a difference in the work you do 
Parramatta & WFH
Drive investigations into potential solutions, liaise with relevant technical experts and contribute to innovative solution design and costing
New to NSW Health Pathology?
Artificial Intelligence - Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning
To be considered for this opportunity please forward your resume and details to cv@wayfaring.com.au and all inquiries will be dealt with in the strictest confidence.
We look forward to hearing from you and discussing any questions you may have.
Analysis for productivity improvements
undertake technical design and development of highly complex custom solutions, and/or standard conversion and migration solutions
This is a key reporting focused role to support Customer Services, Customer Account Management staff, line managers and clients.
Understand business requirements to provide clear guidance on delivering actionable insights through visualisation and dashboards
About the roleThe BI/Data Analyst role is based within the Artificial Intelligence Platform Services (AIPS) team.
The team is structured into cross-disciplinary squad with members from Data Science, Strategy and Engineering who work together to research, design, build and support end-to-end machine learning based products delivering direct value to hirers and job seekers.
Design, build, and deploy scalable data pipelines and microservices, ingesting and storing data in GCP Data Warehouse.
Proficient in machine learning techniques and related disciplines
Why amaysim?
Experience work with Data Lake
Undertake complex research in the application of data science techniques to address departmental business problems
Actively participate in team agile activities including stand-ups, planning, retrospectives, etc.
Experience with Office 365 suite, including SharePoint, Power Apps, and Power Flow
For more information, visit our website at https://www.wesfarmers.com.au/util/careers/data-and-digital-careers
Manage the delivery of the engineers in your team, working broadly to manage stakeholders internal and external, understand and drive requirements, set priorities and communicate following an agile process.
One of Australia’s most progressive Federal Government Department’s is looking to engage an experienced Data Analyst for a minimum 6-month contract with a 6-month extension option.
The successful Data Analyst will be working within a diverse regulatory team, responsible for responding to priority and emerging COVID vaccines issues, including adverse event report data analysis.
This is a fantastic opportunity to work within an innovative referral Government department.
You will secure an initial 6-month contract, partnered with a 6-month extension option at a competitive hourly rate.
The successful Data Analyst will be responsible for but not limited to;
Proven background working with business stakeholders to understand requirements and present recommendations
A bachelor’s degree in a related field (eg math, economics, statistics, computer science)
Innovative and creative mindset, with a sound and methodical approach to problem solving
Perks and Benefits
Evaluates customers’ online behaviour and provide insights and recommendations for further enhancements to the customer experience.

7.5-hour day (37.5 hour week) plus flexi time  

Monitoring and reporting on the progress of pricing and product changes;
About the company:
Work with the nicest and brightest teammates in a self-organising team
ACM (Australian Community Media) is Australia's largest and most diversified private media business, which is in a significant growth phase under the guidance of Executive Chairman Antony Catalano.
We have been bringing news to our rural and regional communities for more than 150 years.
If you are an excel wizz and possess great skills and experience in the above, we would like to hear from you.
With representation from 101 countries, Western Power has a rich, and diverse employee workforce.
Through our established Employee Network Groups, we bring our people diversity to life.
At Western Power, we strive to build an authentic culture of inclusion and belonging for all.
Very Strong SQL Skills 
Creating data artifacts such as source-to-target mappings, data flow diagrams, and data dictionary definitions
Very strong SQL skills with deep experience in ETL/ELT and data modelling
Provide plain language advice on technical issues to non-technical audiences.
Your key responsibilities will encompass the following:
be required to have at least there first vaccination dose against COVID-19 or exemption by 31st
Fantastic opportunity for a Senior Data Engineer!
Servian recognises individual differences and welcomes people from a variety of life and work experiences.
The diversity of our people is core to our ability to innovate, grow, and to fulfill our collective aspiration of helping people to own their tomorrow. 
Experience implementing and tuning statistical and ML models such as GLM, Time Series Modelling, Neural Networks, Decision Tree Ensemble Methods and Clustering
Power BI or Tableau experience is required
Nice to haves
Identifying, reporting and analysing trends in the Domestic insurance portfolios, including e.g. volume, premium and profitability related indicators;
A comprehensive wellbeing calendar of events and initiatives
Salary Packaging Benefits
Knowledge of Australian Government information security practices and procedures
Your Opportunity:
Postgraduate qualification in a quantitative discipline (e.g. Physics, Mathematics, Bioinformatics, Computer Science, Engineering)
You’re going to be a trusted advisor and enabler, helping key areas of the organisation get smarter and better at how to use data and analytics themselves.
To be considered for this role, the following skills and experience are mandatory:      
Leading cross-functional teams (of creative/brand, social media, email, digital marketing, merchandisers, Product, UX, analysts, legal) to deliver multi-channel marketing campaigns and promotions
Working with a cutting-edge, greenfields data platform project using Modern Data Stack services (including Snowflake, DBT, Fivetran)
wellness and lifestyle offerings including access to Uprise – our Digital Wellbeing Program, as well as discounts on a variety of lifestyle and entertainment products and services.
Demonstrated experience in systems analysis and design covering complex data modelling, functional and technical specifications, system design and implementation.
The opportunity
You’ve got a degree in IT, preferably with a focus on Data
Daily and Monthly Responsibilities
 THE PERSON
Calls out for help when needed, resilient, drive to make things happen, rapid problem solving
Lion is a global beverage company with a portfolio that includes many market-leading names in beer, wine, spirits, seltzer & non-alcoholic drinks.
Our range includes classic brands like Tooheys, Speights, XXXX and Wither Hills, and craft beer brands like Little Creatures, James Squire and New Belgium’s Fat Tire.
We employ approximately 4,000 diverse and talented individuals across the globe, predominantly in Australia, New Zealand, the United States and the UK, who are passionate about their craft and working towards a shared purpose: to champion sociability and help people to live well.
If this sounds like you please get in touch right away for more details and a full breakdown of the role.
We are looking for a person with a high degree of technical skill and a commitment to work on e-Tools software development programme which operates in the aged care and NDIS sectors. 
Your application data will be treated according to our Data Protection Policy.
If you believe you require assistance to complete this form or to participate in an interview, please let us know.
The ability to bridge the gap between the business problem and the technical solution
Must haves
Experience in DevOps and version control tools such as GitLab or similar.
You're helpful, hardworking and an excellent team player.
Good relationship skills and have an ability to empathise with others
Understands the role of CI/CD in a Data environment
Professional presentation and communication skills: written and verbal, formal documentation, diagramming and modelling
Developing and managing prioritised business improvement pipelines to maximise business outcomes
Our global team of industry experts enable health, safety, and environmental professionals to manage risk, achieve compliance and enhance operational efficiencies across workforce mobilisation and travel logistics, workplace health and safety, environmental and statutory compliance, training and competency management.
The willingness to take responsibility and ownership of the work you are involved with.
Casual dress – everyday
Responsibilities 
About the Role:
Lead the delivery of a portfolio of complex end-to-end analytics solutions (descriptive, diagnostic, predictive and prescriptive), identifying and shaping data-driven commercial opportunities.
Provide regular updates to the client as well as the Customer Success Manager on data import progress and outcomes
HOW TO APPLY:
Strong data pipeline and machine learning pipeline experience with big data (preferably AWS)
Advanced communication, presentation and writing skills.
Dynamic, interesting and rewarding in its scope.
Deliver ETL solutions for highly critical platforms in the Chief Data Office!
At OES & Monash Online, the student is at the forefront of everything we do.
This role is an opportunity to support and guide our students through their learning journey and ensure the effective administration of our new units.
Must be the type of person who takes ownership and sees things through. 
Clarification of business ideas to ascertain key product features to meet customer acquisition strategies and value proposition.
Operating and maintaining bioanalytical instruments including HPLC, LC-MS & LC-MS/MS for small molecules and peptides in biological matrices
The ability to deliver high quality outcomes across a range of complex an often time critical tasks.
•
Receive training in skills that are in high demand in the market, including SQL, Unix; Excel/VBA, BA, Python, ITIL, Cloud and OS-Admin.
Remove blockers - support the delivery teams through servant leadership to optimise velocity, includes getting hands on with code
Proficiency with Tableau or Power
BI desirable (but not required)
In a typical week at work, you may:
About the company
What it takes to be Great:
Actively demonstrates safe work processes, and behaviours and ensure these are followed by all employees and contractors in their place of work
Skills & Requirements:
Present results of analysis in an easy to interpret way using different data visualisation techniques.
This role can be based in Adelaide or Brisbane CBD.
Trust + Transparency
To be eligible for the role, you must: 
paid parental and partner leave;
Setting governance structures in data and reporting to achieve measurable business value
Adapt quickly and effectively to changes in departmental or strategic priorities by responding to requests for additional adhoc requests
One of Australia’s market leading FinTechs experiencing rapid growth through truly disrupting an traditional industry with a powerful tech platform
What will set you apart from the rest?
Sounds interesting?
Your responsibilities will be:
Formal qualifications in engineering, science or data management and analytics
Develop prototype Data Science solutions
What you’ll bring
Be rewarded with a salary of up to $200k Package
Fortescue reserves the right to close applications early should a suitable pool of candidates be identified.
Central      City Location
Highly developed technical skills across the build and optimisation of big data cyber security platforms covering the entire stack (hardware, Linux OS and applications).
Oversee and train junior staff in the above activities.
This team believes in iteration and moving fast.
This will mean releasing work before it is perfect and getting feedback. 
10 ViacomCBS 
Australia & New Zealand is a division of ViacomCBS 
International Networks, which in turn is a division of ViacomCBS. 
Develop clear and detailed process maps to identify pain points and priorities for improvement.
Design, develop and maintain enterprise data warehouse/data lake and data engineering solutions on cloud at an enterprise scale.
What's next?
Additional leave benefits including paid top-up parental leave, volunteering leave, birthday leave and more
A little bit about you...
Strong knowledge in Business Data warehouse/ETL for data extraction from SAP ECC/Non-SAP, SFDC data structures (hands on experience would be advantageous).
Database experience in MS SQL Server, Data Warehouse, blob storage, NoSQL/Hadoop oriented databases.
All HBF vacancies are managed by our internal Talent Acquisition team.
Unsolicited agency applications will be returned without review.
Spark Core
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages:
Python, Java & C++
Work productively in a fast paced and agile environment
Be proactive with ideas and recommendations and help drive the business outcomes
Experience to Data Warehouse, ETL/ELT in cloud environment.
 Coles Supermarkets  
MELBOURNE Requisition ID: 36941 
Help design and lead the data governance interaction between the functional areas of the organization through data-driven frameworks. 
Communicate with ease.
Microsoft SQL Server and SSIS Package experience is an advantage
Flexible Location - 12 month contract role
Day to day, you will be:
What you will need to succeed:
A minimum education level of Bachelor of Science (Hons) with a major in Immunology or Genetics 
Assessed as suitable to hold and maintain a Positive Vetting security clearance.
Greenfield environment needing maturity uplift, transformation and best practice;
Your day to day will see you play a pivotal role in conceptual and practical designs for Reporting processes and infrastructure.
Agile methodology experience
Attend and actively participate in team and other meetings to stay updated on issues and developments relevant to the Analytics Team remit.
Engage with business stakeholders understand their pain points, identify opportunities and contribute to developing advanced analytical/data science solutions that can create real value for them
We've put a lot of investment behind innovation and would love to work with people who provide ideas that differentiate, disrupt and deliver amazing services for our customers.
Your demonstrated expert knowledge of CRM systems will be critical to your success in this role.
5+ years' experience in data engineering, data migration and/or application development
About the Project
Demonstrated experience Cloud – AWS is essential  
Over 30 years we have developed our HaemaFracTM process which enables countries to turn human plasma they collect into life saving hyperimmune products.
Understanding of data privacy and protection standards to ensure sensitive, confidential, and personal information is handled safely
Dax, T-SQL, SQL, Power BI, Tableau and similar data and visulaisation technologies
Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or related technical field
Identify data, analyse, maintain data model for dashboard reporting and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Knowledge of good practice data visualization techniques.
Attractive Salary - Seven Hills Location
Strong ETL experience
- Governing & Managing the Insights Snowflake & Oracle ETL environment.
Knowledge of Azure API Management and Integration Services such as Logic Apps and Azure Functions is not required but beneficial.
That is self-starting, and has a desire to learn
High performing project team
         Populate data for annual Trustee Level APRA reports and ensure lodgement by due dates
Extract data from the legacy Oracle R12.1.3 source system and apply any required conversions to meet Oracle Fusion Cloud load template (FBDI) requirements.
Partner with business stakeholders and technology leaders to translate requirements into scalable technical solutions and system designs
Excellent learning and development opportunities
Will not require visa sponsorship within three years of date of application.
Visa sponsorship is available for this position.
Our ideal candidate will have:
How to Apply 
Ensuring associated risks with deployment are documented and understood.
Strong analytical, problem-solving capabilities and the ability to anticipate issues, challenges, and opportunities and manage them accordingly as well as being able to add value to business solutions
At Optus, we don’t sit back and let the future happen to us – we’re out there making it.  
By expanding into new technology and relentlessly improving every day, we’re working to create a better tomorrow for all Australians.
Leadership:
Contribution of contemporary best practice data and analytics subject matter expertise into the planning and implementation of a transition from current to future state systems and technology
Responsible for delivering a range of operational laboratory activities including the coordination and provisions of scientific and technical training and the ongoing review, development and quality management of laboratory practices to ensure compliance with operational standards and procedures, quality standards and continual process improvement.
At least 3yrs + experience working as a Data Engineer
At Datagamz we offer:
Extensive experience performing and delivering complex financial and governance outcomes
Implementing solutions for the establishment of data analysis capabilities including data access, data wrangling and transformation, and data analysis and visualisation.
GWF is a wholly owned subsidiary of Associated British Foods plc, a diversified international food, ingredients and retail group with sales of £15.4bn, 133,000 employees and operations in 53 countries around the world.
As a member of a small team, assist across all facets of the department, with research, media and marketing planning and campaigns, creating and maintaining content, SEO/SEM, and ownership of the communications calendar.
Ability to influence others and move toward a common vision or goal
Ability to identify and perform linkages across disparate data sets
For a confidential discussion, please contact Cara Sputore on (03) 8664 7258 or email csputore@slv.vic.gov.au.
Innovation and have a passion for Information Management and relevant technologies
Flexible work arrangements (work from home, flexible hours, purchase additional leave)
Excellent listening and interpersonal skills
Comprehensive Health & Wellbeing Programs including; On-site staff gym, Staff Medical Service, Employee Assistance Program, Peer Support Program - run by our dedicated employees

Extensive Data Analysis & Business Analysis experience

A desire to make a difference.
Solid foundation in DW and BI design, tools, processes and implementation approaches
Experience with ETL Development – Knowledge in Talend would be preferable
To be eligible to apply, you must have Australian or New Zealand citizenship or permanent residency status.
Please note
candidate screening and interviews may be conducted prior to the closing date of the job advert.
Working at amaysim means you’re part of the Optus family.
With a focus on growth, learning and personal development
the team at Optus drive an open culture and celebrate individuality.
Learn more about #LifeatOptus:   Life at amaysim is about leading with the heart and doing what it takes to keep the spark alive - with our customers and each other.
We like to have fun – a lot of fun - and we believe in our culture so much that we think it’s our competitive advantage.
If this sounds like your kinda vibe then don’t be shy, say hello!
Big Love, amaysim 🧡
Don’t miss this opportunity to show your talent and explore the great career path at Myer. 
Computing skills including proficiency with the Microsoft range of software
Optional:
Creation of machine learning forecasting models and analysis to guide automated data-driven decision making
As Australia’s own global real estate success story, the Colliers brand was established in Australia in 1976.
With 2000 people operating from 23 Australian and 26 New Zealand company owned and affiliate offices, we provide a full range of professional services for real estate investors, owners and occupiers across transactions, advisory and management.
This position is based in our Gold Coast Office
Hudson Institute has an active program for the patenting and commercialisation of technologies, including those developed with academic and commercial collaborators.
Collaborate with scientist stakeholders across varied departments within and outside the organization including those engaged in Open Source projects.
Proactively contribute to the planning and successful design of the Adairs Data environments
Foundation in SQL queries/relational database concepts (preferably Oracle or MySQL)
Provide advice on advance data analytic, drive innovative automation solution and create insightful dashboard reporting Interpret data, analyse results using statistical techniques and provide impactful insights using dashboard reporting, with  effective and concise information supporting effective decision making meeting business needs
Produce data, analytics, and insights from various data sources
Fugro has one of the largest databases in Brisbane. 
Highly skilled in database design and data modelling.
Assist with financial reporting, report design and dashboard creation.
PowerBI Data Analyst
Experience and technical understanding of latest Cloud technology trends and issues
Degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g. mathematics, statistics, epidemiology, economics) or a scientific discipline with demonstration of excellent analytical skills, preferred.
Freechoice is a high-performing business that equally has a high level of purpose and value.
Our people are our most important asset – so your personal career development is paramount.
R, C/C++, PowerBI, Databricks, pytorch experience desirable.
The commercial excellence team enables our customer and new ventures team to be successful.
We are disrupting the market across a wide range of industries
so there has never been a better time to join us. 
Collaborate with external project partners and stakeholders to develop geospatial capabilities for advancing research within the urban, regional and social sciences.
Input into the development of the Regional Estate Asset Data Base improvement schedule 
Agencies please note: this recruitment assignment is being managed directly by Aegros.
We will reach out to our preferred agency partners if required.
Your respect for this process is appreciated.
Manage team asset and delivery risks
Working across conceptual, physical and logical data models
SEEK’s portfolio of diverse businesses make a positive impact on a truly global scale.
Our purpose is to help people live more fulfilling and productive working lives and help organisations succeed.
SEEK makes a positive impact on a global scale, with exposure to 2.9 billion people, more than 70 million students and learners and a global presence including Australia, New Zealand, China, Hong Kong, South-East Asia, Brazil, and Mexico.
- Experience with Advanced Excel is essential – Formulas, pivot tables, functions, power query.
Strong understanding of business functional issues, interdependencies, and business structural concerns
Enjoy the flexibility to work from home a few days of the week and our greatly appreciated meeting free Wednesdays.
If you are passionate about sustainability, data management and customer service and are looking for an opportunity to join our world class Energy and Sustainability Services Team then we want to hear from you!
A great eye for detail, and ability and an enthusiasm to develop skills in the areas of information management, data & automation
Analyze new and existing data sources to assess their applicability to address critical business issues.
As part of our commitment to providing a supportive working environment that values inclusion, flexibility, diversity and differences, we actively encourage and embrace across all cultural backgrounds, genders, abilities and circumstances.
Demonstrated understanding of quantitative research methods with the ability to plan and conduct evaluations
Data entry and data quality checks as required
Own the SDLC and release management, actively engage in team wide workflow management and help maintain visibility and transparency of engineering blockages and concerns to the wider team.
A desire for continuous improvement 
Passionate about disruption and forging the way into new and emerging industries?
Keen to work cross functionally to get new verticals off the ground?
Provide evidence-based insights to inform decision-making
We're looking for go-getters, problem solvers, analytical thinkers and high calibre individuals to take on this role in a fast-paced environment.
We are specialists in our field of Data & Analytics and being a tech agnostic organisation, we give you the opportunity, support and platform to train & develop your arsenal in both technical and soft skills.
Life Insurance (equivalent to 2 years’ salary).
Oh, and by the way:  At REA we value diversity and inclusion in all forms.
Gender, religion, ethnicity, LBTGIQ+, neurodiversity and so much more.
Research shows that while men apply to jobs when they meet an average of 60% of the criteria, women and other marginalized folks tend to only apply when they check every box.
So if you've got the must-haves, dedication and enthusiasm to learn but don't necessarily meet every single point on the job description, please still get in touch.
We'd love to have a chat and see if you could be a great fit.  
If you like the sound of us, then we think you should apply today.
We're proud to be Circle Back Initiative Employer
and we commit to respond to every applicant.
While we're looking at your application, and preparing to come back to you with an update, why not get to know us a bit more through our various social channels?
Flexible working arrangements (including option to work from home 2 days/week once competent in the role)
Experience in the isolation of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs)
To apply, please complete our online application form and submit an up-to-date resume.
Build new partner relationships as you delve into to the wider transformation
Now more than ever, we need talented and passionate people to join us and help shape the future of energy in WA.
Explore the fantastic opportunity below.
Deliver excellent customer support. 
A fantastic opportunity exists to join us as a Data Engineer based in Sydney or Melbourne.
We are Australia's largest superannuation fund, here to help members achieve their best possible retirement outcome.
Working with a wide range of stakeholders, we create meaningful value for members and our communities through our diverse workforce of highly competent and highly motivated employees.  
Your new team  Our Customer Strategy and Insights Department delivers benefits to members by providing insight-led guidance so that optimal decisions can be made in their interest.
The team provides independent, unbiased sources of 'truth' using standardised best practice methodologies and consistent interpretation of customer related data.
It is a passionate and dedicated team, led by managers who advocate for their people, are open and approachable, and who share their knowledge.  
Your new role  Reporting to the Manager, Data Science
you will help guide decision makers across the Fund by providing data driven insights.
You will be responsible for scoping, designing, implementing, and presenting fund critical analytics, predictive models and data driven insights.  
This role involves several different aspects of analysis and analytics to provide the Fund with insights to direct activities and measure success.
To achieve this, the role requires a deep understanding of data exploration, analysis, and development of insights, with a focus on the member experience and customer journey, specifically relating to automated decision making through machine learning.  
You will lead the development and production of complex statistical models utilising modern, state of the art machine learning algorithms to support targeting and profiling of Members when they interact with the Fund.
You will support structured experiments with analytics and thought leadership to optimise trial effectiveness and collaborate across the Fund to support the successful execution / optimisation of campaign and strategic initiative objectives  
What you'll need
Good problem-solving and critical thinking abilities
Passion for technology
We are seeking a specialist that knows ad performance and is truly passionate about Search Marketing!
To be considered for the role click the 'apply' button or for more information about this and other opportunities please contact Aarti Mistry on 07 3339 5623 or email:
amistry@paxus.com.au and quote the above job reference number.
Experience using Linux
Design and build cloud platform architectures to support scalable analytics on Azure and AWS
Responsible for day-to-day management of our data platforms
Free parking 
Research and implement state-of-the-art algorithms that automate the analysis of 2D and 3D data and generate actionable insights to the customer.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems. 
Champion the creation of SAP Cloud 4 Customer reporting to aid all key stakeholders
An opportunity to be a part of game-changing initiatives that will change the retail landscape
Working with us
Gain real-world experience by working with the leading organisations in Australia
Drive the platform reliability design and improvements, identify and improve components of the existing platform that are susceptible to security, performance, stability or scalability issues.
Data storytelling and visualisation skills and the ability to communicate complex analytical, statistical and technical concepts in an easy-to-understand fashion to non-technical stakeholders.
Demonstrated experience with marketing automation tools (Salesforce Marketing Cloud is preferred), Direct Mails.
Communicating any requirement dependencies, issues or risks identified through the analysis process;
For all Myer IT roles, visit careers.myer.com.au/
Enterprise data analytics platforms.
Familiarity with using Big Data technologies such as Spark and EMR
For further information on C-Res and Local Buying Program visit our website at www.localbuying.com.au.
         An employee wellness program, including discounted health insurance and an employee assistance program
Agencies please note that this vacancy is being managed directly by the Equity Trustees’ HR team.
We will contact our preferred agency partners should we require additional support.
Thank you.
To 30 June 2022
Participate in data management and migration projects, including recommending best practices
Experience with big data systems (e.g. Hadoop, Spark/Databricks, MMP databases)
Join NAB
While a resume is preferable we also welcome tentative inquiries from well-qualified persons.
Utmost confidentiality and discretion are assured.
If interested, please email jared.stone@gqrgm.com
Bringing your innovative ideas and seeking to continually improve all aspects of your work
Post Graduate qualification in Nursing (desirable)
We see our future in the industry as taking a leadership role in science, technology, people and process.
With 88 accredited pathology laboratories and over 1020 collection centres, we have a strong footprint across Australia.
Must have strong SQL suite (SSMS, SSRS, SSIS, SSAS)
Experience in any of the following: SQL, R, Python, Tableau, PowerBI, Hadoop or Spark
Experience with data mining, statistical modelling and analysis.
Advanced Excel skills and experience with building and maintaining reports
You will ideally possess the following experience and attributes:
Birthday Leave, Community & Volunteer Days, Rewards & Recognition, Tenure Rewards, Social Activities, Weekly Friday Drinks, Flexible working post training, SEO License to Practice Accreditation, Health Insurance + so much more
To obtain further details please contact Grace Nicopoulos Grace.Nicopoulos@sapowernetworks.com.au 
Work with client to understand, capture & document business requirements for Meter Data.
For technical assistance with your application, please email recruitment@synergy.net.au (Please note, applications will not be accepted via this email address).
To find out more about our community projects and initiatives, please visit https://www.synergy.net.au/Our-energy/For-our-community
Join our Professional Services team and use our leading payroll platform Ascender Pay.
Provide a diverse mix of implementations, version upgrades and ad hoc client projects.
Provide technical consulting services to external clients; and design, develop and test software customisations and enhancements.
Opportunities for you to participate or lead system integrations projects. 
Act as a leader for our Business Intelligence products and support the team
Highly regarded although not mandatory experience would include:
Positive attitude and a clear sense of initiative
Experience with data management – maintaining, analysing and presenting insights from large data sets;
Minimum 3 years' experience working in a similar Data Analyst or Data Engineer role;
Any other duties as required
Experience in working to GLP / GMP standards.
Demonstrated experience in relational databases including Teradata, DB2, SQL Server or similar.
Contributing to the preparation of Budget, forward estimates and policy costing
Over 200 staff, with an international responder network of ex and off-duty emergency services personnel.
Experience in leading and mentoring inter-disciplinary teams.
Research and analysis of relevant market information, particularly in the area of divestments and acquisitions.
Data entry to established and new systems.
Training will be provided.
Deloitte TechFast50 Rising Star
#18
Solid knowledge of Python and ideally another development language (Java, Scala, C++, etc.)
Assess and scope requirements for converting models from Excel into the selected technology, (e.g. SQL, Python, PowerBI), including design, development, coding, test, ensure fit for purpose and document.
What you'll be doing  We are looking for a Business Analyst who is passionate about agile solution delivery.
You will be working collaboratively with our external clients and internal product and technical team members to help deliver and support PropTrack's B2B API and web application solutions.
The BA Supports the teams in the following ways:
ETL/Data Warehouse Developer/Data Engineer cum Analyst who will be involved in AWS products and service suites primarily on Amazon Redshift, RDS, EC2, S3, VPC, Lambda, Spectrum, Athena, AWS data pipeline and AWS Glue for developing and overseeing cloud ETL/Data Warehouse environments.
Use root cause analysis techniques to understand the root cause of production incidents and evolve the product/platform proactively to avoid repeat issues
At AIA, we’ve made a promise to help people live healthier, longer, better lives.
And it starts with our own people.
Applications due by Friday 10 December 2021 and will only be received via Seek.  
When you apply, please include your resume and a cover letter outlining how you meet the role requirements / relevant experience.
Ability to work independently and keep to timelines
Ability to modify / create notebooks in Azure Databricks (Python/Scala/SparkSQL)
Experience of collaboration in cross-functional teams to deliver solutions for stakeholders
Service Recognition and Inspirational People Awards 
We are looking for an experienced hands-on Data Systems Engineer to join a Global High Frequency Trading firm on their Data team in Sydney.
The Data team comprises software and system engineers and is responsible for safely receiving and storing trading-related data for the APAC teams, as well as operating and improving our shared data access and data processing systems.
This is a critical role in the organisation as the data platform drives a huge range of trader analysis, simulation, reporting and insights. 
Inflammation
Then there’s a piece about purpose:
Our 100-year plan to continue protecting and adding value to the lives of over 2.5 million Western Australians in the face of climate change.
Strong Stakeholder engagement skills to iteratively develop tools & raise internal capability
Great work/life balance and flexible working
What's in it for me?  
As well as a competitive salary, a range of Bupa benefits and flexible working/ work from home arrangements, you'll be challenged and encouraged to innovate.
You will collaborate strongly with colleagues who are committed to delivering exceptional experiences.
We trust, respect, and consider everyone, knowing your difference will make the difference.  
Perk highlights:
Demonstrate understanding and expertise in implementing and delivering Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, Big Data or analytics projects 
Strong Excel proficiency required
Proven experience implementing role based access control within a data platform.
Our development team works in an open, agile environment that values innovation and a start-up attitude, while enjoying the stability of being part of a leading travel industry company.
Our aim is to have a workforce that reflects the community in which we live, and we encourage females, Aboriginal Australians, those identifying as LGBTIQ+, people of all ages and culturally diverse backgrounds to apply for this role.
What’s in it for you  Become a guru in Tableau, the market-leading data visualisation technology
Collaborate with team members to identify objectives, reviewing the business performance data to aid delivery performance improvement. 
An ability to work flexibly and adaptively in a complex environment with multiple stakeholders.
Experience with CI/CD deployment pipelines
Datagamz is a pioneering Australian startup with global dreams.
Our portfolio of diverse businesses make a positive impact on a truly global scale.
Our unified purpose helps people live more fulfilling and productive working lives and helps organisations succeed.
We are world-class software solutions that help contact center businesses motivate, engage and drive employee productivity.  
Our global footprint includes work with some of the world's most innovative businesses such as Uber, Netflix and Hellofresh.
Our story (the bitesize version):
Influence senior stakeholders through deep technical expertise, customer/domain knowledge, vision and objectives, demonstrating advocacy of data management principles and frameworks.
Discounted financial and health services through their Moneywise and Healthwise businesses
Our people are our most valuable resource and we encourage the innovative ideas that come with your contribution.
When you join us you become an integral part of a community where you are fully supported to develop and achieve your career ambitions.
You are a dedicated problem-solver, who strives for change, is interested in personal development and growth, and leads projects within a busy and ever-changing organisation.  
You'll also need:
Facebook Ads Manager experience desirable
Develop, maintain and improve on recurring reporting and dashboard publications for Service Level Management, Service Request Management, Incident Management, Problem Management, Change Management, Asset & Configuration Management and as well as operations metrics and trend reporting
Security Clearance
·       Free income protection and travel insurance
You will be responsible for optimising data architecture, patterns, and processes, as well as enhancing data flow and collection to be used by cross-functional teams. 
You will support and guide key individuals such as data scientists, data architects and data analysts on data initiatives to ensure optimal data sourcing and delivery across the business and platform.
The Opportunity  A fantastic opportunity for a maternity leave cover for 6 months commencing in January 2022 has become available within Bupa's Accelerated Performance Delivery Hub.
Reporting into the Delivery Hub Data and Insights Manager, you will work closely with a multitude of Delivery Hub team members to resolve the most impactful customer and commercial, multi-variant problems.
You will also lead your own projects with a focus on data science.  
This role is critical for scientifically determining the most relevant drivers of customer and commercial performance to improve decision-making across our Health Insurance agile squads, planned delivery teams and Accelerated Performance and Delivery team.  
How will I help?  
This key role within the team will focus on generating commercial insights using advanced data science techniques and strategic frameworks.  
Key accountabilities include:
Initiative with the ability to deal with multiple assignments simultaneously, sometimes with conflicting priorities
We are committed to ensuring an accessible and inclusive work environment to enable people with
Contribute to the ongoing development and mentoring of team members
Reporting to the GWF Head of Advance Analytics & B.I., this role will support GWF business units to develop and mature their Advance Analytical capabilities through development of machine learning, data pipeline integration activities and the development/maintenance of machine learning models.
Exposure to spatial data
Leverage insights across claims, underwriting, product, and pricing
Applications close 12th December 2021
Effectively applying analytical concepts, problem solving skills and lateral thinking to develop and implement opportunities.
Members of the AIPS team fall into one of three primary roles
Python, PowerShell, Bash, AWS, Azure, Docker, Kubernetes, Scala
Comfortable solving problems in a corporate environment
Highly organised, proactive, and flexible approach to work
Bring your dog to work day
Development and deployment of solutions using Azure Data Factory or Azure Synapse Analytics
Benefits and culture
Advanced Excel (e.g. filter data, pivot tables, formulas, macros, etc.) and PowerPoint skills to build models and streamline the production of reports
Western Health is an equal opportunity employer committed to attracting and retaining diversity in our workforce.
We encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people.
Macquarie understands the importance of diversity and inclusion - our long history of success has come from being different.
At Macquarie we value the innovation and creativity that diversity of thought brings.
The one thing we all have in common is our focus on high performance.
If you're capable, motivated and can deliver, we want you on our team.
The position manages projects and complex tasks to support the University and build key relationships with stakeholders across Monash, and with external providers.
Work closely with key stakeholders to ensure all reporting content    is accurate and captured in a timely manner;
Expert big data languages such as Java, Python, R, PySparc.
What do we need from you?
Prior consulting experience
 About you
Working as part of a national team, often autonomously;
Business Intelligence Analyst Needed!

Liaise with data engineers to ensure the data warehouse meets campaign and analysis/reporting requirements
This is a full-time permanent position based in Melbourne CBD.
Administrative tasks such a mailbox/file management, tracking and delivery against KPIs and end-to-end management of reporting requests.
Find your data - Choose any data set you want!
We mean it; from politics to sport, TV and popular culture. 
Tableau provides many data sets on their resources page.
Creating segmentation models and targeted opportunities using insights and data
Conducting analysis, discovering root causes and providing actionable insights for decision makers;
Compile user requirements and specifications for data
DevOps tasks like Git, CI/CD, Docker, Kubernetes
Hands on delivery of solutions for Reporting and Analytics use cases.
 You’ll be a self-motivated individual who thrives on digging into data, problem solving, clearly communicating a meaningful action plan, creating solutions improving service journey’s using a combination of experience, insights, technology and new thinking.  
To be successful you’ll have sound analytical ability to problem solve, some knowledge of experience design, understanding the importance of creating seamless Omni-channel experiences across service journeys. 
Azure cloud experience – Data Factory, Databricks, Automation Account, Azure Synapse, Azure DevOps
Apply now via SEEK for this unique opportunity!
Collect, identify, and prioritize analytical problem statements to ensure the BI team works on the highest impact projects and earn stakeholder trust
All our people have the option to take advantage of flexible working, leadership and career development, plus community programs and volunteer days.
Employee benefitsDiscounted private health, and general insurance products13 days personal leave per yearCareer development opportunitiesGenerous salary packaging optionsAccess to corporate discounts across a range of retail, restaurants and hotels
Experience in use of;
Real estate industry knowledge would be a plus  
For this role, only those candidates with the eligible right to work will be considered
However, we welcome candidates from different backgrounds who believe they have what it takes to succeed.   
We also welcome and encourage candidates interested in flexible or part time working arrangements.
The ideal candidate will have 1-2 years’ reporting & analytics experience, excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills, and the capacity to communicate with a diverse range of people are also required.
Exposure to model building on the cloud environment and productionisation is a big plus but is not a must-have  
Responsible for production deployment activities.
6 weeks’ annual leave
What's SIG?SIG is a global privately held financial trading firm.
Our founders are entrepreneurs with a drive to deeply understand the world around us and to use that understanding to make the best business decisions every day, everywhere. 
We don’t rely on hunches.
We challenge each other and use our collective wisdom to make optimal decisions under conditions of uncertainty.
This approach gives us the edge we need to be the best.
At SIG, we’ve got winning down to a science.
Located in Sydney in the Barangaroo area we trade the APAC region market making options, futures and ETFsOnce in the team you will bring your machine learning expertise to bear on all aspects of the trade pipeline. 
You must have the ability to build models for high-frequency asset price prediction, to analyse the resulting trades, and to build models for better understanding of latency implications, etc. 
You must be able to explain clearly your ideas and results to the rest of the team. 
In the role you will: 
Business Analyst required to assess the scope of Data Quality reports currently running and work with the various Business Data Owners to define the critical Business Processes, Objects and Elements and perform a gap analysis of the Data Quality Reporting for that Domain.
The preferred candidate may be required to undergo a functional assessment prior to appointment.
Previous experience in programming eg.
Core Java/
Python/Scala programming; Hadoop Stack eg.
Hive, Spark (Core and Streaming), Kafka, Flink, NIFI;
Strong skills in database design, query (e.g. SQL) and manipulation; data visualisation (e.g. Tableau); statistical analysis (via R or Python)
This role supports a data science team and helps with computer science, software engineering and big data skillsets to help with deployment, reliability and performance of data science models.
In addition, you will help bring in best practice for engineering, including research and adoption of new tools, open-source technologies and cloud platforms where they fit business needs.
Your application
Have highly developed skills in data analysis and modelling
We have a vibrant culture with an emphasis on teamwork, action, learning, creativity and a can-do attitude. 
It is fast paced but a fun and supportive environment.
At Elula you’ll always be pushed to be the best version of you and will get to work in an exceptional team at the forefront of AI product development.
You will enjoy transformation work and taking the company on the maturity uplift journey; and
Partner with the technical lead in the team aligning the teams goals to Seek technical strategy
Have exposure to AWS/GCP/Azure Cloud
Analyse data-related system integration challenges and propose appropriate solutions.
You are familiar with or have built RESTful APIs to provide programmatic access to data, ideally by customers.
Proven ability to work independently, use initiative and meet tight deadlines
Where brands have their own mobile apps, they integrate our iOS and Android mobile SDK’s, enabling the collection and enrichment of 1st party data assets to drive actionable customer, location and competitor insights. 
Experience with Git, or other version control system
Ability to specify interfaces using knowledge of XML; document requirements and system design using UML; document business process using BPMN
(Pega skills desirable); produce logical data models suitable for implementation in an RDBMS.
Strong SQL skills.
Excellent oral and written and communication skills with proven ability to produceadvanced documentation in an organised fashion
Any or all of; Python, R, Scala
A flexible working environment including work from home options.
Advanced research and analysis skills.
Please refer to our Careers page on the Reflections website: www.reflectionsholiday.com.au 
Provide expertise and understanding of all pricing factors relating to insurance principles
Solid understanding of CRM processes, loyalty and direct marketing,
Develop models to determine the success of business initiatives, past or proposed, including relevant marketing activities
Experienced writing user stories and facilitating meetings / workshops with business and IT stakeholders 
At Suncorp we build inclusion by providing an environment where everyone is able to be themselves and feel valued, involved and respected for their perspectives and contribution.
Working in an Agile (Scrum) Environment
You will be pivotal in making this happen by:
Part time fixed term role (0.6 EFT, 24 hours per week) until Dec 2022
- Parental leave cover
Who says you can’t fall in love with your telco!
With over 1 million happy customers and a ton of amazing awards in the pool room, we’re certainly feelin’ the love.
Because at amaysim, that’s what we’re all about.
Big Love to be precise.
It starts with our great value little SIM, but it extends way beyond that.
Experience with Azure Services
Chance to work with all Australia’s leading companies
Leave loading payment of 17.5% payable on annual leave   
Fixed term (3 years), part time (0.5 FTE
) position

An industry-leading focus on technology & innovation 

Competitive Salary Package with a bi-annual bonus scheme
Advanced SQL development
Key objectives of the role include
An agile development environment supported by the latest technology
Should an applicant be the preferred candidate, background checks (including Federal Police Checks, Employment checks, ASIC banned and disqualified persons and Bankruptcy checks) will be completed prior to the candidate's employment being confirmed.
The outcomes of the background checks do not automatically bar candidates, however they will be assessed against the inherent requirements of the position.
Experience with Python
Knowledge:
What you'll get in return
Developing Modern Data Warehouse solutions using Azure Stack (
Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, Azure Databricks).
Use your data science skills to contribute to the development of solutions which improve customer marketing outcomes (acquisition, retention, share of wallet, next best product, next best service, next best action, risk, responsible gambling, customer lifetime value)
There are several exciting opportunities in the section at the EL1 level for Senior Data Scientists working across different border domains including cargo, mail, trade, traveller and visa.
You will develop and deliver analytical products to support business lines across the portfolio, including Visa Programme areas, Intelligence Division and the Australian Border Force (ABF) operations.
Actively participate in team agile activities and ceremonies
A wide range of employee benefits including novated leases, discounts on private health insurance and paid parental leave
Our Federal Government client is looking for an experienced Data Analyst to work on Data Warehouse project(s) to perform Oracle PL/SQL development, documenting and undertaking data analysis & data profiling to support data warehouse ongoing support and use, and new design and development.
Take advantage of our office location in Milton - Enjoy the bustling cafes and tasty food options available!
Role Responsibilities
For more information or to apply, please contact Josie Bandiola on 02 9054 8710 quoting Job Reference: 241225
Automate common, repeatable, and tedious data preparation and integration tasks to minimize manual processes and improve productivity for scientists.
Excel and SQL- advanced
Be an advisor, guide and coach to team members
Focuses on delivering better outcomes over task completion
Ms Kerryn Newbegin, Senior Manager, Project Engage, External Relations, +61
3 9903 4424
Demonstrated experience in a professional environment using Teradata Data Warehouses or AWS AND knowledge of AWS stack
Strong T-SQL skillset
Capacity to contribute strategically while also managing the accuracy of detail and delivery in a fast-moving, ambiguous environment
Manage and develop stakeholder relationships to define business requirements that enables informed business decisions and service level improvements.
18 weeks paid parental leave for primary caregivers, including an extra five days of 'Leave Up Your Sleeve' upon return to work. 
Contribute to the ongoing evolution of Auto & General’s systems and processes, bringing data architecture into design considerations.
Your responsibilities will include:
Use of modern techniques for data modelling –
both relational and dimensional models
Conduct detailed analysis using complex modelling techniques appropriate.
Ability to comply with workplace safety regulations and practices.
Act as a point of technical escalation.
Experience working closely with Marketing & Products team
Azure Data offerings - ADF, ADLS Gen2, Azure Synapse Analytics, Cosmos, Eventhubs
Maintaining and enhancing the reporting suite aimed at supporting Senior Management to effectively manage the relevant insurance portfolios;
Cleanaway encourages and values diversity and inclusion.
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.
If this sounds like the opportunity you’ve been waiting for, please forward your resume and cover letter by clicking “Apply”.
Play well with others and work hard to build strong relationships.
• Extract insights from data and reports and report to Superintendent of  Specialist Operations Analyst within
Rail Maintenance• Maintain, update, document and develop:• metrics
covering planning, defects and testing data• ETL processes for capturing activity, testing and inspection
data• Combinational risk reports and tools• Enable the planning process through tool and process developmentSkills and Experience:• Bachelors or greater in Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics or Statistics• Excellent critical thinking, with a solutions focused approach• Exceptional written and verbal communication for coordinating across teams and locations• Previous experience with Python capabilities, including pandas, numpy, datetime, matplotplib, etc•
Able to establish data quality, cleansing and validation techniques• Strong analytical ability supported by a good understanding of statistics• Comfortable with SQL and relational database design• Experience in PowerBi visualisation • Strong work execution, proactive, passion for quality and attention to detail.• High level of professional maturity, ability to work independently with minimal supervision• Basic MS Office skills including Excel, PowerPoint and Word
Demonstrated experience in gathering, managing, and communicating business and technical requirements
Employment Type: Permanent Full Time and Temporary Full TimePosition Classification: Technical Assistant Grade 2Remuneration: $54,905.42 - $57,138.66 per annum plus superannuationHours Per Week: 38Requisition ID: REQ275100Location:
Wagga WaggaApplications Close: 12 December 2021 - 11:59pm
 
Masters or PhD advantageous but not essential
We are looking to accelerate the building of the team, your availability to start will be a key driver
Our client, a large Federal Government entity focused on agriculture is seeking a Data Engineer.
This role will likely suit a candidate with a Bachelor’s (undergraduate considered) qualification in Computer Science, Data Science, Data Management or similar.
Design and update our digital and printed collateral providing advice and creative solutions for our sales team (flyers, catalogues, etc)
Some knowledge of statistics for significance testing
Working closely with stakeholders to understand and advise on how the requirements are implemented;
Understanding and interrogating data and working with multiple systems and sources to ensure continued integrity of data held on systems.
Expert programming in Python.
How to Register with Evolve:
Provide self-serve solutions to help improve use of data across the business
Marketing and/or retail experience is desirable but not essential.
Experience working with customer data is highly regarded
We play a lot with Jupyter notebooks using popular libs such as sci-kit learn, scipy, numpy, pandas, Tensorflow, and Keras
Experiencing using project management & ticketing systems such as JIRA or Zendesk
Advanced Python coding ability relevant for modelling and analytical purposes
 You will work with a team in delivering data-led engagements for a wide range of clients.
Your work will include:
Internship/ commercial data science experience across different industries and organisations
Key responsibilities of this role will include:
ASIO is looking to fill the role of Operational Spatial Analyst.  
The Spatial Analyst team provides strategic assistance to ASIO’s collection activities – using spatial data analytics to better inform operational decision-making, improve tasking efficiency, and maximise intelligence gains.
Individually and with Managers, ensure understanding of the vision, purpose, and strategic and stakeholder considerations
What this opportunity involves:
Work-life balance
Data Engineer (OBIEE/OSC)
Working knowledge of message queue, streaming and batch data processing
Please click the ‘Apply Now' button.
As part of the application process, you will need to provide a copy of your resume and a cover letter addressing the key selection criteria outlined in the position description.
Role description:
Permanent role based in Brisbane with flexible work arrangements.
Vaxxas is the world leader in Micro Array Patch (MAP) technology with active collaborations with Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, World Health Organization (WHO) and multinational pharmaceutical companies.
Vaxxas has established an alliance Harro Höfliger, a global leader in pharmaceutical process engineering and sterile manufacture to develop the world’s first high-throughput, aseptic manufacturing line for production of vaccine drug-device combination products based on Vaxxas’ HD-MAP technology. 
Remuneration:  
Attractive remuneration package + ESOP (Employee Share Option Plan)
based on your experience
Completion of daily/monthly tasks on time including Daily Audit checks, Cognos Administration and Scheduling
Technical Skills
Work Experience: 
Experience with Azure data warehousing solutions (Azure SQL DB, Azure Data Factory, Synapse)
12 month contract role - Flexible Location
Previous skills in Big Data technologies and Apache ecosystem technologies such as Beam, Spark, Kafka, Hive, Airflow, NiFi
You will hold specialised skills will include a mix of SQL, Oracle, Python, Databricks and PowerBI.  
You have previously worked in a data analytics/science team and have an acknowledgement of your contribution to the team/company’s success.
You have a proven track record of delivering projects within Customer analytics and/or strategic projects for clients and commercial stakeholders.
You are a self-starter who takes pride in your work.
You are passionate about ongoing learning and development and excel working in a fast-paced, high growth environment. 
Ability to handle large and complex data sets using different applications
Relevant tertiary qualifications, or CSG industry experience
Authoring and reviewing technical documentation (protocols, procedures, methods and reports). 
Experienced in handling reporting packages like Business Objects, databases and XML
Strong understanding of the value proposition(s) associated with AI, Data, PaaS (Azure PaaS is a plus!), and DevOps.
Experience with cloud database technologies, like Redshift or Snowflake
Previous experience working within teams with data scientists and analysts to improve data transformation processes
Managing cloud environments in accordance with enterprise security architectures.
Modern AWS and infrastructure (e.g. serverless, containers, queues), SQL and Spark experience.
Experience with Big Data frameworks such as Spark, Storm, Hive etc.
Play a key role in solution design and decision making
To submit your application, please apply online using the appropriate link below.
Alternatively, for a confidential discussion, please contact Kylie Graham in our Brisbane office on 07 3185 5339, quoting Ref No. 209011.
Maintain databases of samples processed across various studies
Hold workshops with the Business stakeholders to:
Solution design to support client requirements and translate client requirements into detailed technical specifications
You must have strong skills and proven experience in Azure, IaC and Terraform.
Experience in a Senior Data Engineering
Assessing and reporting on the quality of people data, and supporting other enterprise wide data governance initiatives
Support the Analytics Lead in the development of briefs on highly complex issues and provide recommendations for policy/programmatic response drawing on the intelligence arising from Analytics Team activities.
Deploy solutions using Azure DevOps
Initiate and monitor regional estate data updates
strong analytical, problem-solving, planning and communication skills  
Co-located within the Institute, and shared with our partners, are nine state-of-the-art Technology Platforms and a Clinical Trials Facility, providing the optimum environment for scientists, clinicians and our collaborators to move breakthrough discoveries to patient care.
genU welcomes diversity, including diversity of race, culture, spirituality, gender, age, identity, ability and sexuality.
We are committed to providing a safe and inclusive environment for all and living the values of genU each and every day.
Work within an agile framework to deliver incremental value to business customers through analytics projects or enhancements to existing AI solutions
 Like to know more?
We are looking to hire now, but will consider candidates wishing to start in the new year.
Candidates must hold Australian work rights.
A competitive base salary plus superannuation
Employee discounts
- You’ll receive discounts on Budget Direct Car, Home, and Travel insurance.
Google ads campaign implementation
Experience troubleshooting and performance tuning
Norton Rose Fulbright values diversity and strives to create an  inclusive culture where all our people can bring their whole selves to  work.
We are proud that Norton Rose Fulbright in Australia has been  recognised as an Employer of Choice for Gender Equality by the  Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA) year on year as well as a  silver employer for LGBTI Inclusion through the Australian Workplace  Equality Index.
We embrace the opportunity to contribute to the  communities in which we work which underpins our strong Corporate  Social Responsibility (CSR) program.
We provide a range of  opportunities in which our people can make a difference to their local  and global communities including through pro bono legal work,  charitable giving, volunteering and support for the environment.
Work with a variety of stakeholders to deliver a value-add service through data
We are currently looking for an experienced Data Engineer with at least 5 years' experience to join our team in Melbourne.
Where do you want to go?
Proven ability to work with Technology teams in implementing designs in the Data Operations and reporting environments together with a good understanding of transactional databases and Data Warehouses.
Who We Are:
Develop automated data ingestion and wrangling algorithms to process, wrangle and link data from a diverse set of sources
Manage team asset capability to meet business demand
Resource / Heavy industry experience
Establishing efficient long term data storage strategies that leverage CCI’s Hybrid Cloud infrastructure, and emerging genomic data compression technologies
We’re constantly evolving, and this means the opportunities for our people are endless.
In every role exists the opportunity to embrace personal development, career growth, ownership, and the ability to make an impact.
Provide training to end-users relating to new reports and dashboards and foster as well as advance data democratisation and data literacy throughout the business.
Role Details
A love for continuous learning
Applications close on Wednesday 8th December at 9:00am.
If you are interested in this job opportunity please contact one of the Eden Ritchie team, Ed (3230 0018) or Emma (3230 0032)
Proven experience in developing technical solutions and integration of disparate data sources and systems to provide seamless integration of operational datasets and systems
Technical:


Responsible for obtaining and applying contemporaneous skills, knowledge, and capabilities to understand, test, apply and implement data science
Responsible for promoting scientific approach to data science, including use case selection, information sourcing, data encoding, model selection, parameter tuning, continuous improvement and implementation


Leading the engagement with internal and external stakeholders to consult around Data Science project requirements, recommending best practice methodologies, negotiate timelines and deliverables. 
Contribute to thought leadership, and demonstrate personal excellence in the business application of advanced analytics techniques
Implementing ETL processes to enable near real-time data loading into the portal
Demonstrated experience accessing and processing data using a range of tools. 
Department of Social Services
Developing and maintaining professional relationships with all stakeholders.
Rewarding working environment
Proficiency with Python
Diagnosing current state operations using data analysis and real-life observations to quantify improvement potential and identify opportunities for improvement
If you need an adjustment in the recruitment process, please contact the Annabelle Corley on Annabelle.corley@tafensw.edu.au
Job Reference: 555344
Identify opportunities for and drive innovation through research and experimenting
To express your interest in being considered for this position, please submit your application via the “apply now button below”.
Your application must address the selection criteria, so for support or guidance please refer to "How to apply for Monash Jobs".
Additional week Bonus leave
File system management and monitoring.
Experience in Financial sector and financial modelling.
Responsible for:
Expert skills in data model testing, data flow validation and system performance testing
Working with Us:
About us 
Sound knowledge of Western Power asset information systems including Ellipse, Guardian, SPIDA, Power on Fusion, Asset Management Portal/Asset Viewer and Qlik
Please note, only shortlisted applicants will be contacted.
The role of Senior Data Scientist is accountable for creating core data, models and algorithmic components that form part of data science solutions, uplifting the group’s advance analytics capability and provide innovative outcomes to enhance our customer experience.
The Ahpra Research and Evaluation team, which sits within the Strategy and Policy Directorate, reflects Ahpra’s investment in enhanced evaluation and research projects and provides expert research and evaluation skills, advice, and support to ensure high quality evaluation and research work throughout the organisation.
Certification on Teradata/Oracle/AWS would be added advantage.
Designing and building relational, star and snowflake models and schemas
This role is 100% REMOTE
but you must be basedin Australia somewhere.
We’d love to hear from You
At least 7 years industry experience with more than 3 years’ experience in a similar function and role 
Strong data and ETL experience especially with Microsoft Azure Cloud Data Platform (Azure Data Factory, Azure Synapse, Clued-in, Azure Data Verse).
Create efficient end-to-end execution processes.
Demonstrated experience with data ingestion, data pipelines and/or infrastructure automation/orchestration.
Flexible work from home and office - hybrid work arrangements. 
Uniting has commenced a multi-year data and analytics program. 
This role as Technical Business Analyst will be responsible for liaising and partnering with stakeholders from the business and
IT to understand, document and articulate requirements related to data and business intelligence.  
They will gain an appreciation of business needs and operational pain points and translate into data, reporting and business intelligence requirements, including the requirements for rationalisation of existing static reporting into a modern data and analytics solutions, and will also be responsible for investigating data quality issues that may impact reporting, and reverse-engineering existing reporting to understand and map from current to future state solutions. 
We have an urgent requirement for mutiple hands-on Data Engineers for an initial 6 months with a high chance of extension.  
Our client is Melbourne based but roles are 100% WFH.   
Role responsibilities:   
Regular brown bag sessions covering a variety of topics
Be able to  present data in a meaningful and accessible way
Fluency in SQL, Power BI and SAS
The successful applicant will have strong experience in SQL, Microsoft Azure and Data processing to support existing analytics products in Azure (run data collections, fix data flow bugs and deploy minor improvements) as well as help shape future enterprise services. 
Collaborative environment for talented technologists.
To be successful in this role, you will have:
Our Technology Services group has a strategic remit to uplift, govern and run the Fund's technology capability.
It is a highly respected team, with a leadership group who advocate for their people, are open and approachable, committed to providing excellent results, and who share their knowledge.
This is your opportunity to join us as we grow and modernise technology services to support Australia's leading Superannuation Fund and more than 2.4 million Members.
manages over $2b of water and wastewater assets with $300m annual revenue;
My Catch Perks - up to 5% discount off selected retailers including Kmart, Target, Bunnings and Officeworks
Experience with rigorous data analysis, experimental design, data visualisation and troubleshooting.
Our Retail Analytics team aims to be valued commercial business partners and advisors who understand thebusiness’ strategic direction and needs.
We collaborate to provide insight on problems, opportunities and currentmarket trends, and to shape successful business decisions and generate innovative ideas.
Other responsibilities and projects as directed by Pricing and Commercial Manager
Mentoring of more junior team members in data science, consulting, and advisory skills.
Unwavering focus on professional development
Effectively engaging with multiple stakeholders to deliver required outcomes
Full Time.
Data Analyst APS6
Experience in the maintenance of computerised databases using analytical / statistical software packages
Ensure the laboratories operate in an efficient and well organised manner
Python programming and SQL-like Database use
Tertiary Qualifications in a relevant discipline
12 month contract with possible extensions
Data Integration Lead is a highly specialised role responsible for end-to-end design, development, and support of data integration solutions that comply with our organization's architecture and security standards and best practices.
Support the preparation of the data migration detailed design documents with technical inputs (E.g.: source to target mappings, technical extraction conditions).
At NOW FINANCE we support and encourage our employees personal and professional development – What we can offer you is :
Professionalism.
Regulates own behaviour, comprehends organisational structure and culture and acts appropriately in the execution of duties.
Please note candidate screening and interviews may be conducted prior to the closing date of the job advert.
If, after reading the selection documentation, you require further information please contact ASIO Recruitment at Careers@asio.gov.au or phone (02) 6257 4916. 
What you’ll bring
The main requirement is a passion for data to support business make evidence-based decisions.  
If you are interested in having a chat about the next step in your data career, please submit your CV, connect with me on LinkedIn or call the number below.
Report writing for subscriber clients, as well as for public facing research papers
Experience in remote or high autonomy roles.
You have extensive project delivery experience, working across a large, complex organisation, leading cross-functional teams and developed new, exciting, and high-quality scalable solutions.
Experience working in a translational research environment
Experience with AWS Redshift, RDS, DynamoDB, EventBridge and Lake-Formation greatly beneficial.
One or more years of insurance or financial industry background is desired.
MATLAB and Bloomberg experience or similar is not essential, but would be advantageous
Your application must include a current resume and cover letter addressing your experience with Data Management and Analysis and Partnership Engagements listed under key accountabilities of the Role Description (2 page maximum) 
Your core focus:
Identify areas of concern and suggest action items to improve client outcomes
Demonstrated experience in developing dashboards and other visual reports to support monitoring of KPIs and outputs
Knowledge of Troubleshooting Core Java Applications is a plus.
Practical cloud computing experience (e.g.: AWS)
Customology was a finalist in the Australian Institute of Company Directors Employer of the Year
Define company data assets (data models), spark, sparkSQL, and hiveSQL jobs to populate data models.
Click on the link below to apply.  
Develop and maintain the comprehensive systems architectures, frameworks and application interface documentation.
Experience with distributed machine learning (RHadoop, Spark MLlib).
Proficiency in Python highly desirable.

Leave loading payment of 17.5% payable on annual leave   

Closing Date:
16th December 2021 at 11.59pm
Work with process owners to help gain agreement of, and document,
quality assurance process for ensuring data remains in alignment across systems 
Work collaboratively with development and product teams to implement required updates and changes.
Explain work to both technical and non-technical audiences using excellent communication and collaboration skills
Extensive knowledge of R, Rmarkdown, RStudio, Git, Github, GitKraken and LaTeX
Experience working with big data sets and huge volumes with focus on optimal performance for loading and retrieving data
Be the key point of contact for the Development team, Client & Meter data provider.
Engineer creative and complex solutions to real-world problems 
A competitive APS6 hourly rate circa contract + superannuation
Work with stakeholders and subject matter experts to identify opportunities to create business value from the collected data.
Prior experience working for a D&A company, data consultancy firm or within the media sector
Own the end-to-end data process; addressing areas such as data quality, data mining, machine learning and advanced modelling;
An exciting opportunity for an experienced marketing and customer data analyst to become the Audience champion for State Library Victoria
Your responsibilities:
Work with Monitoring and Evaluation manager to update Aurora’s CRM database to meet data storage needs
The outlook is a future where the system enables us to identify and mitigate potential risks and hazards before they result in harm to workers.
When workers are injured the system will support the best outcomes.
Tertiary qualification (e.g. Statistics, Business, Computer Science) and relevant experience
Ensure applications are running at peak efficiency by working team members or product owners
Experience with CSG well information management systems (eg.
Peloton WellView) and / or with Business Process Modelling and BPMN would be highly desirable
Career advancement opportunities
Databases (eg Teradata, MS SQL, AWS Redshift)
Skills and qualifications required: 
Strong technical proficiency in SQL, data modelling and data warehousing in a variety of database technologies;
High level of project management and attention to detail
As a Reporting Analyst at Medibank you will partner with Telehealth teams to deliver analytical insights and recommendations that enable timely and informed decision making to enhance consumer and enterprise value. 
Brakes problems down, analyses constituent parts and proposes creative solutions
Experience and Qualifications
Unix/Linux and Windows Operating Systems
5+ years of previous experience working  in a software engineering team
Working for a leading telco you will be working with the business to gather requirements for a digitisation project.
This organisation is currently streamlining their current processes and enhancing the digital journey their customers take.
The key task for this role is determining and defining requirements.
Utility industry experience is essential.
  Requirements
Benefits
Work with stakeholders and data analyst teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs 
Representing the Business Intelligence team to assist its internal partners, focusing on applying data driven decision making across Blackwoods
Comfortable managing multiple priorities and deadline driven
Australian Capital TerritoryLength of contract
Experience in consulting is highly advantageous 
Collaborative practice
·       Engineering (development, devops, responsible for production systems)
Click on ‘Apply Online’ to commence your application.
Your application must be complete and include the following:
Good knowledge of cloud services and concepts such as serverless, infrastructure as code
As a subject matter expert on system and data analytics, your responsibilities and accountabilities will include:
Demonstrate exceptional customer service and collaboration skills with a variety of stakeholders with varying technical expertise
Designing and building Modern Data Warehouse architectures
Business or IT related tertiary qualifications.
Diverse career and leadership opportunities 
Provide recommendations to the business on technology or tools to better improve sales reporting.
Collaborating with system owners, data providers, analysts, managers, and various other stakeholders
We undertake research and development in the field of data science by applying new approaches, innovative techniques and technologies to departmental data.
This includes developing and deploying end-to-end solutions in areas including, but not limited to, predictive analytics, computer vision, and natural language processing.
Client Onboarding Process, which is loading data, table configuration and troubleshooting data defects
Previous experience in a similar role with relevant tertiary IT qualifications
If this sounds like you, please get in touch right away for more details and a full breakdown of the role.
Data reconciliation and assuring correct data entry into current systems;
Travel discounts and deals
NSW Health Pathology are seeking Technical Assistants to join our dedicated and multi-skilled team at Wagga Wagga Base Hospital.


We have multiple Permanent Full Time positions we are looking to fill, as well as a Temporary Full Time position up to 17.03.2023.


If you are a motivated, team player looking for a new opportunity – apply today!
As a data scientist vacationer in the finance minerals division, you will have the opportunity to put into practice your knowledge around data analytics and deliver improvements for the finance team.
Along with getting the opportunity to gain hands-on experience in your area of passion, you will get a chance to interact with individuals across the business and to make an impact.
This is a journey of discovery for the team and will require the individual to be comfortable with unlocking the potential within our existing systems.
Liaise with stakeholders to effectively identify, analyse and    document project businessrequirements; work closely with Information    Technology stakeholders to ensure the technical components of each    projectare delivered in a satisfactory and timely manner;
This is a unique opportunity to jump in at the beginning of what we believe to be one of our most game-changing ambitions yet.
If this sounds like the challenge you’re looking for.
For further information please contact Anna Hobern at ahobern@wesfarmers.com.au
The role will be to manage basic adhoc reporting on EXCEL and SQL, extracting information and fomulating reports from internal database systems and other manual information that the team will provide to you.
ACT
4-8 years working in an operations role or similar for a financial institution
Market competitive Parental Leave.
Experienced in designing and implementing data warehouse models such as dimensional models
Proven experience designing solutions on Public and Private Clouds, particularly within Microsoft Azure Public Cloud
Contribute to the design of the end-to-end data flow and modelling – ensuring data quality, efficient processing, and timely delivery of accurate and trusted data.
V-Look ups
About us
Excellent computer skills and aptitude for learning new programs
Workplace giving -
If you’re passionate about a cause, then we are too – we offer workplace giving and we’ll dollar match your donations to registered charities.
Join us on our mission to change the world.
Work across market leading clients such as Swisse, Uniqlo, Coles and Zip
Excellent interpersonal, oral and written communication skills to work with the team, and internal and external collaborators
Agile environment, working with like-minded people in a collaborative way
Experience working as a Business Analyst/Software Developer/Analyst within Financial/Banking domain
Stock options
$56,000 per annum that will increase in the second year
define use cases, and partner with engineers to implement data management technology
About Cabrini Cabrini is a Catholic charitable organisation inspired by the spirit and vision of Saint Frances Xavier Cabrini and the Missionary Sisters of the Sacred Heart of Jesus.
This order was founded by Saint Frances Xavier Cabrini who was canonised in 1946 and later proclaimed Universal Patron Saint of Immigrants.
We are a community of care, reaching out with compassion, integrity, courage and respect to all we serve.
With more than 4300 staff, 1000 accredited medical practitioners and several locations, we offer a range of employment opportunities to start, continue or advance your career.  
Cardiology Research Assistant Full Time Fixed Term (12 month contract)
Cabrini Malvern  
About the role We are seeking an enthusiastic Research Assistant to join the Cabrini Cardiology Research Team under Cabrini Research.
The Cardiology Research Assistant will provide support and assistance to the Cardiology research programs at Cabrini Hospital.
The role will contribute significantly to research activities and is primarily responsible for recruiting and interviewing participants, data entry and administration of research studies.  
You will require the following  Experience:
Hands on Azure Synapse Analytics and good understanding of related azure technologies.
The role also includes general laboratory tasks.
Python programming
National Disability Insurance Agency
Work with Project Teams for business and give technical handovers to relevant staff.
Strong commercial acumen, using data to solve complex business problems and inform decision-making at all levels;
Experience with business intelligence/analytics tool (e.g. Power BI) and
data modelling
Deliver quality reports through understanding policy, legislative requirements and system design for compliance and fraud activities and cases.
Contributing to a positive environment by demonstrating cultural expectations and guiding leaders to reward performance, and valuing “can do” people, accountability, diversity and inclusion, flexibility, continuous improvement, collaboration, creativity and fun
We are always looking for the best way to solve problems and open to hearing your ideas! 
You will be a Business Analyst with 2-3 years experience and experience of working in a telco, ideally on infrastructure projects.
You will have strong requirements gathering skills as well as strong business and commercial acumen.

Advise on the development of improved data coding and gathering techniques to facilitate improved reliability, validity, and relevance of data analysis.   

Sustainable performance
Fantastic full time opportunity within a global organisation

Support the diverse recurring and ad hoc reporting and business intelligence needs of Finance Services by providing analytics, insights and reporting.   

Ability to join Fitness Passport - Your pass to an extensive choice of fitness facilities
The Knowledge Graph squad focus on transforming marketplace data into rich, meaningful and connected assets and insights.
The squad builds and maintains ontologies, knowledge graphs and leverages machine learning and graph algorithms to make better sense of our data, enabling content to solve the most critical marketplace problems.
Performing pricing analysis and making pricing recommendations as part of the usual portfolio review processes, and to support the development and maintenance of new and existing products
Discounts on a wide range of products and services including Myki cards and Qantas Club
About Velocity Truck Centres
Ability to support and mentor juniors within the team
Commercial experience in advanced machine learning / statistical modelling, gained in a lending or similar environment
Be able to work well in a multidisciplinary team and liaise with staff at all levels of the organisation
Positions are available Canberra based.
Base salary from $113,343- $124,901 pa (plus superannuation and annual leave loading)
Enough about us, let’s talk about you.
You are someone with:
We do this by collaborating with a large number of organisations including schools, libraries, local councils, state governments, and healthcare and community organisations, applying innovation and creative thinking.
Other key skills and experience include:
IHPA is seeking an enthusiastic candidate to fill the vacancy of Data Engineer in the Data Acquisition Branch.
Oversee data collection and data entry for the Monitoring and Evaluation portfolio
We care deeply about creating a workplace where our team members feel valued, respected and empowered.
We are committed to providing equal opportunity regardless of gender identity, ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation or life stage.
We are proud to be recognised as a Gold Tier Employer in the Australian Workplace Equality Index for LGBTQ+ inclusion and as an Employer of Choice for Gender Equality by the Workplace Gender Equality Agency.
Experience with structure and semi-structured data files
Ensure all equipment used for analysis is accurately maintained and calibrated at the prescribed intervals. 
A challenging aspect of the role is the collation and analysis of a vast amount data without established systems to provide insights into waste management.
You will therefore need to be creative and have a can-do attitude.
Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the actual underlying needs
This Federal Government Agency is looking for a Senior Data Engineer in designing and the development of high quality solutions in support of business and technical requirements.
The role solves highly complex problems.
Integrate up-and-coming data management and software engineering technologies into existing data structures.
         Continuous performance improvement mindset.
An interest in solving real business problems for clients across multiple industries and countries
Department of Social Work is seeking experienced quantitative researchers/data analysts to perform data analysis on large national datasets across multiple countries in the Pacific.
Demonstrated experience leading data analytics teams at scale, establishing and optimising data analytics capabilities, platforms and approaches.
THE OPPORTUNITY
The Children’s Cancer Institute’s sole mission is to put an end to the devastating impact of childhood cancer.
To achieve this, CCI in conjunction with the Kids Cancer Centre lead the ZERO Childhood Cancer National Personalised Medicine Program (ZERO), which is Australia’s first and most comprehensive personalised medicine program for children and adolescents with cancer.
ZERO is a unique, multidisciplinary program bringing together cutting-edge science, the latest technology, and the brightest minds in research and clinical care, it is on a path to change the model of care for children with cancer today.
Initiative.
Contributes ideas and initiates new ways of working, shows enthusiasm for project work and special assignments and takes ownership of problems, acts on opportunities and devises practical solutions.
About Hudson Institute
Analysing descriptive, behavioural, transactional and attitudinal data for insights to inform strategies for product development and user journey optimisation opportunities
You will have:
Experience using AWS
Digital and technical aptitude
Building machine learning capabilities such as anomaly detection models into the monitoring suite;
Knowledge of AWS Administration
Opportunity to utilise your science/chemical qualifications to test complex (20+ active ingredients
) products
Your new role
Flexible working environment (WFH, Hybrid method)
Working alongside your BA to understand stakeholder requirements and translate these into technical solutions to meet their needs.
● Previous experience using Q software or similar; Qualtrics &  Excel and PowerPoint, G-Suite and Tableau are also advantageous 
Uses agreed standards and tools to design, develop, test, correct and document moderate to complex programs
Experience with SQL and Python
Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills with sound negotiating and conflict resolution skills and a demonstrated level of tact and discretion in dealing with a variety of matters.
Degree qualified in relevant discipline
You will be working with cloud data platforms.
You may be required to present evidence of Covid vaccination in order to comply with Public Health directions and fulfil the requirements of this role.
If you thrive by working collaboratively and want to actively participate in developing a strong team culture that enables ACM to build a modern, stronger rural and regional media network then please connect with us today!
What are your salary expectations?
The Spark Consortium has been selected for the Central Package of the North East Link Project - Victoria's biggest road project.
Location negotiable across NSW – regional location preferred
Advanced user of Microsoft Excel
Join our transformation journey to enable the newest technologies to support the bank to make data enabled decisions.
We are looking for a Cloud Data Engineer to join us to embrace the newest technologies to develop, build and maintain our cloud-based data assets which include Data Lake, Cloud Data Warehouse and Reporting as we transform.
Your work with enhance our capabilities to onboard and connect with our customers as well as enable us to derive value from our data. 
Generous paid parental leave 
Competitive salary + bonus - we want to recognise your potential!
An established company that is expanding and continuing to innovate and break new ground in the high-growth digital retail sector.
Why choose the Technical Analyst program?
Cover letter (maximum 2 pages) outlining how you meet the requirements and capabilities of this role as specified in the role description
Continuous Improvement - Failure is OK, as long as we own it and learn from it
Advises on performance optimizations and best practices for scalable data models, pipelines, and queries.
Your Story So Far...
At least 5 years experience working in a Data Engineering and / or Data Warehouse development role - ETL, Modelling, Design and Visualisations.
Key requirements:
Work independently but as part of an agile team 
Strong background in SDLC and CI/CD tools such as Jira or confluence or bitbucket.
● Degree qualified in Computer Science / Engineering / Mathematics / Statistics or a related field or have equivalent experience. 
Experience Profile:
Reporting to the Group Manager - Corporate Services, the Business Analyst will be responsible for researching, analysing, reporting and delivering business insights, metrics and trend analysis data to inform key stakeholders and provide insights which support the continuous improvement of continuous improvement. 
Minimum 1 year experience working in a BI, Analytics, Reporting, Database management role
Strong Microsoft Office skills - Word, Excel, Powerpoint.
Excellent communication skills with ability to work effectively as part of a team.
Rachel Davidsen
support the uptake of data science in the university and research communities
Resume (maximum 5 pages)
As an organisation we celebrate our diversity and welcome all people regardless of ethnicity, faith, sexual orientation and gender identity. 
Enterprise data warehouse and up-to-date BI Reporting Tools (Tableau, Alteryx and SharePoint),
We facilitate a range of flexible working arrangements within our teams.
Talk to us about what flexibility may be available.
A high impact opportunity for a Data Scientist has become available within the Strategic Decision Support team of ALDI Stores.
This position is based at our National Office in Minchinbury, Western Sydney and is a full time permanent position, with work from home options.
Flexible, family friendly environment
Health and Wellbeing Program and an Employee Assistance Program.
Experience in building real time or batch ingestion and transformation pipelines;
ASX-listed diagnostics company with a broad cancer diagnostics pipeline
Sound understanding of data structures, data modeling, and data optimisation techniques.
Purpose of role:
Very strong at Excel
Undertakes ad-hoc projects and other activities
Experience working with streaming data processing systems such as Kinesis or Kafka
Experiences in data architecture, data integration and data manipulation at scale;
Extensive experience deploying cloud-based solutions to Amazon Web Services, Azure or a similar service. 
Key responsibilities will include
Recruitment Enquiries:  Recruitment@latrobe.edu.au
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organise, analyse and disseminate significant amounts of information across project teams and stakeholders with attention to detail and accuracy.
Strong communication skills.
Creating automated ETL processes;
To be successful in this role, you will need: 
Establishing and enforcing technical standards including documentation
La Trobe Cultural Qualities:  
We are Accountable,
We are Connected, We are Innovative, We Care
Successful candidates joining the carsales family are required to undergo a National Police Record check and must have full-time Australian working rights on an ongoing basis.
Experience in providing and supporting comprehensive periodic reporting to senior management and governance forums;
Demonstrated high level of theoretical and applied knowledge in college area of expertise.
**
It is now a mandatory requirement of employment at the Mater that you are and remain fully vaccinated against COVID-19.
Please note proof of vaccination (MyGov Medicare Vaccination Certificate or Medical Certificate) will be required as a pre-commencement document.
Monitor, optimize, & maintain existing data pipelines at scale.
Apply: If you are interested in the above opportunity please submit a covering letter and resume
Perform tests on product prototypes as required by nominated standards such as AS/NZS, ISO, JIS etc
Microsoft data-stack technology (SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Azure Synapse Analytics, Data Factory) experience is required
Assist in embedding E2E data life cycle management activities across the organisation
There are interesting data engineering challenges to solve, due to having many sources of data and also doing interesting data matching (whilst maintaining all privacy/data security)
Flexible working arrangements, excellent employee benefits & unparalleled growth opportunities 
You will
Duties & Role Responsibilities :
Fuelled by a passion for innovation and ignited by the legends of our past we’re constantly challenging ourselves to do more and go further
Located in St Leonards, close to public transport
Support fulfilment of various partnership programs
Why us? 
Benefit from ongoing training and development
 Benefits
Pursue your passion for learning and getting things done
Ensure that issues encountered in production environments are resolved in a timely manner.
Inclusion & Diversity:
A proven track record in business intelligence, business analysis and data architecture, influencing BI projects.
 What you'll get in return
This opportunity offers you an initial 9-month contract with potential for extension, hybrid working environment and a competitive hourly rate.  
Contract workers through Hays Technology also enjoy a wide range of benefits including:
We can teach you:
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery and re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability
to be comfortable handling fast-paced activity with multiple competing priorities 
Reference Number: 18043
Provide strategic direction by determining regional and team priorities.
Ahpra works in partnership with 15 National Boards to implement the national regulatory scheme for health professionals.
The purpose of health practitioner regulation is to protect the public by ensuring that only health practitioners who have the skills, qualifications and knowledge to provide safe care are registered.
Contact Us
Develop ETL processes for data modelling, mining and dashboard
production
Whether you're passionate about customer service, driven by data, or called by creativity, a career here is for you.
Flexible work options to help support your mental and financial well-being!
The ability to communicate insights and new learnings to peers and stakeholders
The Data Engineer role reports to the Head of Data and is responsible for developing, managing and implementing data products for the e-commerce sector.
Experience using the Redgate Development tools (SQL Test, SQL Source Control).
We’re talking about working with the team to shape our future Data and ML Engineering capability, while building out high-impact data products across the organisation using the latest cloud tech.
A workplace focused on Zero Harm; safety is at the core of everything we do
any specific examples or achievements that demonstrate your ability to perform the role. 
Strong communication and presentation skills
Awareness of legislation, policies and requirements relevant to a laboratory setting
If you are trans or gender diverse and would like a confidential  discussion before applying, please contact Yvette Borradale (03) 8686  6003 or Scott Baker (02) 9330 8578.
Developing, testing PowerBI artefacts (BI)
We recognise that our employees are at the core of all our successes and achievements.
We value the unique backgrounds, experiences and contributions that each person brings to our community, and we encourage and celebrate diversity.
We promote inclusive behaviour, and we actively seek to learn from each other.
Indigenous Australians are strongly encouraged to apply for our roles.
Working collaboratively with Stakeholders across the CDR Division to discover data requirements.
About the RBA
Being part of NSW Health Pathology means you’re helping create better health and justice systems every day.
Friendly, approachable and have good relationship management skills
Want to be part of the team?
The Data Practice teams exists within the SEEK Group and its purpose is to enable exceptional data-driven products and decisions through a coordinated approach to shared data practices and culture at SEEK.  
The remit is across APAC, and the Data Practice works primarily with internal partners, to drive the adoption of our data practices.
The team is part of our Technology organisation, reporting to the Chief of Data Services whose remit also extends to the provisioning of common data infrastructure to support our distributed teams in the creation of their data products.
Significant data management experience, gained from within the financial services sector, ideally within general insurance
A supportive team environment and competitive salary
Highly proficient with analytical software including Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics
We are an EEO Employer and believe the more DIVERSE we are, the more POWERFUL
we are - so
come join us
, we're interviewing immediately - APPLY NOW!
 What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call or email Iain Harvey on (02) 6112 7690, iain.harvey@hays.com.au  
If this job isn't quite right for you, though you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion and visit our website www.hays.com.au to review our current list of available positions.  
SA Licence number : LHS 297508
Analyses A/B and Multi-variate tests, communicate results and provide recommendations
You will be part of a software engineering team that will develop, configure, document and maintain data platforms.
You will help scale data capabilities for ingestion and transformation with big data volumes and at real-time speed.  
Opportunity to participate in community and charitable activities
Equity Trustees was established in 1888 and is now one of Australia's largest specialist trustee companies.
We help our clients grow, manage and protect their wealth now and for generations to come.
As a trustee company, it is our responsibility to always act in our clients' best interests, ensuring they feel safe, valued, and cared for.
The PowerBI Data Analyst, will support in the planning, design, development and deployment of operations and use case driven business intelligence models, reports and dashboards, leveraging a hybrid ecosystem of on-premise and cloud-based data source systems, to serve analytics models.
As a kew member of the Financial Systems team you will:
Excellent written and verbal English language skills. 
At Fortescue, we treat our team mates as though they are family.
We appreciate everyone’s contribution and know that a diverse workforce creates a safer, more engaged and productive working environment.
Good understanding of the Data Science lifecycle, from data exploration and model development to implementation, integration, deployment and support. 
Qualifications, knowledge and experience

·
Tertiary qualifications in Information Technology or other relevant degree.
Relevant industry certification is desirable, not mandatory


· Knowledge gained through hands-on experience in aspects of BI solution design, build, and deploy, including diagnosis and resolution of operational issues

· Development experience in the Microsoft Business Intelligence Stack (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS) or similar, and hands on experience in dashboards using Power BI


· Capability to apply advanced Data and Analytical technical skills and knowledge in work area.
Has knowledge of common statistical and data modelling techniques.


· Exhibits strong knowledge of Business Intelligence concepts and practices


· Experience with Office 365 and other data, analytic technologies, data visualisation and language and scripting tools

·
Exhibits solid relationship building and influencing skills to mobilise Data and Analytics concepts and actions with stakeholders

· 2 to 3 years of experience in the IT industry with broader understanding of Business Intelligence development practices, solution design, build, test, deploy and operations


· Experience in Agile practices and cloud technologies is desirable, not mandatory

Attributes and skills


Initiative.
Contributes ideas and initiates new ways of working, shows enthusiasm for project work and special assignments and takes ownership of problems, acts on opportunities and devises practical solutions.
Professionalism.
Regulates own behaviour, comprehends organisational structure and culture and acts appropriately in the execution of duties.
Service orientation.
Displays a commitment to delivering quality client service, values the provision of accurate and timely information and relates to people from across the organisation.
Communication skills.
Communicates effectively verbally and in writing, adapting style to suit different audiences.
Integrity.
behaves in an honest and trustworthy manner, treats others fairly and is open about own misjudgements and any conflicts of interest which may be present
Proven problem-solving capabilities.
With Australia’s most successful prize home lottery backing us, you’ll have access to the best technology, skilled co-workers and interesting projects that will allow you the opportunity to grow your career with us.
Utilising your strong business acumen, problem-solving and critical thinking, you will successfully extract and prepare data from the ‘back end’ databases of key business systems to integrate datasets from multiple sources.
Work closely with and assist other Population Health staff with the coordination of data management and related activities to support Population Health services.
Desired: DOMO / Magic ETL
The successful candidate will be required to:
If this sounds like you, apply today to make extraordinary happen!
Should you have any questions, or want to discuss the role further, please reach out to Olivia Stojcevski, Talent Acquisition Business Partner, on 02 9358 7641.
This is an amazing opportunity to join a fast pace solutions-focused business.
Reporting directly to the Billing Manager, you will be responsible for converting Meter data into usable, meaningful information to allow accurate reporting and interpretation of the data for the end-user.
Benefits of joining the RMH
Demonstrated time management skills with an ability to prioritise multiple tasks andensure ongoing and project tasks are completed in a timely and effective manner
Key responsibilities:
Estimate work on the backlog and break down stories into logical units of work
Data Analyst
Develop, maintain and expand the Data and Analytics platform (Digital Finance) to provide clean and enriched information available for reporting and analysis to help drive strategy and growth.
Diversity
At Carey we know that the quality of the School will never exceed the quality of our staff.
We aim to provide our staff with access to the resources, facilities and support they need to be the best they can be.
Carey is a community of learners and we welcome passionate, committed individuals who have a drive to learn and excel in their chosen field.
Experience with interpreting and utilising data for continuous improvement.
Working knowledge of SQL Server 2008, 2012 & 2016 including SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
Provide administrative support for research projects and programs related to our group’s international programs and support to the Chief Investigators as required.
Please submit your resume in Word format only.
Good interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to work independently or as part of a team, and engage with stakeholders
Sound like a good fit?
Apply now..
We'd love to hear from you!
Excellent problem solving
The Senior Data Scientist role sits within the Artificial Intelligence Platform Services (AIPS) team and reports to a Principal Data Scientist.
The team is structured into cross-disciplinary squads with members from Data Science, Strategy, Ontology and Engineering who work together to research, design, build and own end-to-end machine learning based services delivering direct value to hirers and job seekers.
This position is for a Natural Language Processing (NLP) specialist to work with the Knowledge Graph squad within AIPS.
We love people who are intellectually curious... about anything
As the BI IT Business Analyst, you will play a pivotal role in the providing internal consultancy to Olympus business users across APAC.
You will be adept at interpreting business processes and translating them into data models and will actively drive process improvements.  
Reporting to the Regional Head of Solution Design and Delivery, you will effectively partner with internal and external stakeholders to gain a comprehensive understanding of their business intelligence requirements to deliver needs-based data insights.
Harnessing your business engagement, problem solving, communication and analytical capabilities will enable you to translate user requests into functional and technical specifications and manage initiatives to deliver tailored solutions.
BI IT Analyst will support users to extract, analyse and visualise data in a timely and effective manner through the implementation of tools like Power BI.  
You will utilise your superior time management skills and ability to multi-task to manage the Request for Change (RfC) portfolio, which is a critical element of this role.
This will encapsulate the creation and alignment of Solutions Designs, change management of RfCs, management of RfC resources and budgets and implementation and testing of RfCs.  
With our Global and Regional initiatives 'Transform Olympus' and 'Transform Asia', this is a truly remarkable opportunity to join a leading Global med-tech organisation.  
About Olympus:  Olympus is passionate about creating customer-driven solutions for the medical, life sciences, and industrial equipment industries.
For more than 100 years, Olympus has focused on making people's lives healthier, safer, and more fulfilling by helping to detect, prevent, and treat disease; furthering scientific research; and ensuring public safety.
Olympus is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan, with more than 35,000 employees worldwide in nearly 40 countries.
Olympus Asia-Pacific, headquartered in Singapore, serves the APAC region and employs 4000 people across 19 countries.  
Our commitment to customers and our social responsibility is the cornerstone of everything we do.  
Why work at Olympus?  
At Olympus, we are dedicated to fostering a high performing culture, a collaborative environment, and enabling everyone to shine.
Our common values of Integrity, Empathy, Long-Term View, Agility and Unity form the foundation of our culture and guide our behaviour, where our people feel like they are making a difference every single day.  
Not only will you benefit from a meaningful, rewarding and challenging career, you will have access to a range of benefits:
Please submit your application from a confidential email address where you are prepared to receive all emails regarding the position
Birthday & volunteer leave
We’re proud of our highly collaborative and creative team culture, where everyone is able to use their unique skills to contribute to the success of the business and our clients.
Our staff enjoy working in a fast-paced agile environment where innovation, creative thinking and ownership are valued above all else
An ability to apply and interpret legislation with a knowledge of the Early Childhood Education and Care sector and Family Assistance Law.
         Manage APRA SDT activities by liaising with various internal & external stakeholders to comply with APRA SDT reporting requirement within statutory timeframe.
         Group Salary Continuance insurance to protect you when you need it most
Ability to comprehend business needs and convert them into analytics requirements.
The ability to work well within a team, while managing your own work in an autonomous manner
Demonstrated experience producing detailed data models, data flow architecture, data migration and data transition architecture
Provide guidance on data taxonomy and usage of the data dictionary
Role Overview
Daily tasks of creating, executing and measuring multi-channel content and campaigns.
Qualifications (Formal study undertaken and completed)
Designing and implementing appropriate data security models;
In addition to this there is flexible/ remote working, a fantastic salary and one of the best bonus structures in the market.
Position Description below:
Gather data using various data mining tools and techniques and translating them into data that is structured, reusable and provides insight capability to the wider team and business.
Our employees enjoy a wide range of benefits such as:
Lead on the development of machine learning, artificial intelligence, and statistical algorithms and solutions using R and Python.
Your key responsibilities will include:
$700-$900 pd inc super - multiple roles available all levels invited to apply
Certification Incentive Program - Earn up to $2,000 per certification!
Provide infrastructure and automation expertise across data platforms, stored procedures, functions and configure, test and implement appropriate servers including Azure SQL Server, Managed Instances and SQL Server on Azure VM's (PaaS).
Qualifications & experience
This brand new team is comprised of several engineers supporting a large number of Tier 1 technologies, and five divisions in the organization, focusing on MarTech, Sales and Customer Service technologies.
Applications required by 10 December 2021 at 11.55PM  
This role will review the sections current data and information management systems and processes, develop an integrated process for data and information management, and design and develop power BI reports that automatically feed from the data and information sources to report.
Ability to present analytics and insights in an intuitive manner.
WHO YOU ARE:
Current roles include:
A critical mindset and an appreciation of proper scientific process
Research Technician
identify systems and tables in audit client databases storing the data
BA/BS in Computer Science or related field is preferable.
Equivalent combination of experience, education and training will be considered.
Growth: Lead the development / delivery of quantitative and qualitative models to improve our decision-making processes
Developing, implementing, and maintaining analytical models to identify fraud, drive recoveries and renewals, drive profitable growth, and improve underwriting, pricing and claims performance
To be successful in this role, you will have work experience in the following:
Developing database and data warehouse solutions for internal business teams using Microsoft SQL Server.
If you meet the above criteria and are very well organised, have a high attention to detail and can work independently with a well-established team, then we welcome your application. 
Leading the development and maintenance of BI/data visualisation tools;
https://www.relx.com/ [link removed]
Join our Data and Algorithms team where our mission is to capture and transform the large amounts of data we capture into information, processes, and programs that directly improve business operations and customer experiences.
Pet Circle is a digital native business with masses of data about pet buying habits streaming in every hour of the day.
We are building a small team in order to leverage this data into a data platform that:
Problem solving mindset that balances analytical rigour with practical implementation
Design, construct, install, test and maintain data management systems.
Be tenacious in designing resolutions to tricky problems 
Every idea, every innovation, every little thing the world calls ‘progress’ begins with a first step, and someone willing to take it: explorers, inventors, entrepreneurs.
Pioneers.
Our people are everything to us, and we’re big believers in making our workplace fun and energising.
It’s why we provide tools and benefits to help you thrive in your role, whether entry-level or executive.
At Monash University, we are committed to being a Child Safe organisation.
Some positions at the University will require the incumbent to hold a valid Working with Children Check.
Support for your mental and physical health and wellbeing via our 'You Matter' Program
Gain a deep understanding of the types of Customer data we deal with and the methodologies used to analyse it.
Working as part of a team to help establish and maintain a portfolio of Australian SME businesses 
We are looking for someone with 2+ years of experience in a Data/ BI Engineer role, who has attained a degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field.
You should also have experience using the following software/tools:  Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
We would love it if you had AWS Experience (Redshift, S3, Athena, etc)
1
+ years experience working with Snowflake 2+ years experience working with Tableau or any similar data visualisation tool.
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages:
Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.  
People & Culture – we're a talented highly engaged bunch of people with a common goal
Develop tools digitalize tracking of the sales management process 
Lead the team through the planning and commencing the implementation of unification across Asia
Prestigious public sector organization seeks a Senior Data Engineer for a 12 month, daily rate contract to drive forward a key program of work focused on tracking Climate Change data.
This is a fantastic opportunity to gain a long-term daily rate contract.
Be Inspired, Be Bold, Be You
Define project requirements, discuss analytical approaches/methodologies, and negotiate timelines and deliverables
The Data Governance Analyst will develop Policies, Standards and Guidelines to support the:
Bachelor’s Degree preferred
Working collaboratively with application support, technology, and business SMEs to gather requirements and design complex business application and data integration solutions.
Comprehension of both technical and business language
Portfolio delivery of analytics solutions, leverage a wide range of technologies and techniques to enable commercial outcomes and enhanced customer experiences.
Being part of NSW Health Pathology means you?re helping create better health and justice systems every day.
Proven experience in successfully managing an end-to-end reporting landscape
Overview of the Department:
Intermediate level skills in SQL (essential);
We’re looking for a dynamic applicant who demonstrates the following qualifications and skills:
Free income protection insurance 
The Seek Analytics team exists to Support better, smarter decisions throughout the recruitment journey.
The team delivers on this vision by focusing on four critical focus areas of Seek's recruitment journey, before starting to recruit, when posting a job ad, whilst job ad's are live and after using Seek.
Previous client facing / B2B experience 
Keen to enhance data science skills by working closely with a team of advanced data scientists expert in AI and ML
Experience utilising ETL solutions according to business requirements, and implementing data warehousing solutions, is a plus
Additional information
An agile approach to your work, managing fast-paced incremental delivery of value to stakeholders
A few other things we want to let you know about...
Professional development opportunities
A successful history of manipulating and processing large volumes of disconnected datasets
Monitoring the competitors’ marketing activities and outcomes
Demonstrated capability in analysis interpretation, documentation and communication
For more specific information about the role please contact Lance Smith – Manager Operational Reporting & Insights| Corrections Research Evaluation and Statistics via email:
lance.smith@justice.nsw.gov.au or call 0459 791 787
Technical support to the site operations planning team
Proficiency in Python or Spark
Produce data, analytics and insights from various data sources
